Evan - Male - god has been gracious or stone or right hander or youth., god has been gracious or stone or right hander or youth.
Eva - Female - Life, Living one, Variant of eve, In the bible eve was adams wife and the first woman, Alive, Auspicious news, life or living one.
Evanshi - Female - Similarity, it means similarity.
Erina - Female - Beautiful lady, a feminized form of erin, meaning peace and a poetic way of referring to Ireland.
Eyana - Female - An eternal blossom. Americanised form of Aiyana
Eshan - Male - Lord Shiva, Lord Sun or north-east direction, Desiring and wishing, Impulse, Aim, God, Supreme Being, Lord, Master, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekveera - Female - Daughter of Lord Shiva, One who is the daughter of Lord Shiva
Eshaal - Female - Flower of Jannat paradise, Enlivened or excited, to enliven or excite.
Evelynn - Female - this name means to peacefully live and have a life.
Emad - Male - Confidence, this name means support or pillar or confidence.
Eira - Female - Snow, One who has the purity and simplicity of snow
Evin - Male - The God's goodness, The God's goodness
Ezzah - Female - A person who gives the honor, Respect, A Person who Gives the Honour, Respect, Considerable, Admirable
Erick - Male - a word which means someone who rules the people., a word which means someone who rules the people.
Eshaan - Male - Lord Shiva, Lord Sun or north-east direction, Desiring and wishing, Impulse, Aim, God, Supreme Being, Lord, Master, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eliza - Female - Unique, Precious, One who has a jolly nature
Emir - Male - Charming Prince, a prince or a commander or a general of the army.
Eeshani - Female - Consort of Lord shiva., Close to God, Name of Goddess Durga, Goddess Parvati, Ruling, Owning (Wife of Lord Shiva), Wife of Lord Shiva, name of Indian Goddess Parvati
Enayat - Male - Grace, Kindness, Blessing, grace, kindness or blessing.
Eilin - Female - Champion, Lovable, A Hazelnut tree, a sweet singing bird
Eathan - Male - It means an optimistic and strong person., It means an optimistic and strong person.
Ekansh - Male - Whole, One, Complete, Whole, Complete, Full, Entire, Absolute
Elina - Female - Pure, Intelligent, Brilliant, God is my light, A name which stands for a bright light
Evelyn - Female - a Hebrew name which means to breathe or live or life.
Emica - Female - this name means charming or blessed and beautiful.
Eiliana - Female - A Hebrew saying means My God has answered
Ehan - Male - Expected, The glowing full moon
Evann - Male - a good fighter who is young., a good fighter who is young.
Erika - Female - a feminized form of the name Eric meaning someone who rules the world.
Eyan - Male - To feel the graciousness of God, To feel the graciousness of God
Eshin - Male - understanding mind or wisdom., understanding mind or wisdom.
Evania - Female - goodness or peaceful or a good fighter.
Emin - Male - it means someone who is trustworthy or confident., it means someone who is trustworthy or confident.
Eza - Male - One who is always eager to help, One who is always eager to help
Emma - Female - Whole, Complete, the meaning of this name is universal whole.
Evika - Female - A little one who gave life to everything
Esha - Female - Desire, Attractive, Pleasure, Desire, Purity, One of the many names of Goddess Paravati
Ekaksh - Male - One eyed, Lord Shiva, One Eyed, Focused, Firm, Decisive, Persistent, Resolute, One who has strong determination,
Edwin - Male - Rich friend; one who is blessed with richness and is wine, Rich friend, one who is blessed with richness and is wine
Elyza - Female - this name means god is perfection or god is my oath.
Ethaniel - Male - this is an English language name used for someone whose strength has been given by god., this is an English language name used for someone whose strength has been given by god.
Ethann - Male - a gift from an island or someone who is strong and sturdy., a gift from an island or someone who is strong and sturdy.
Eshika - Female - An arrow, Dart, One who achieves, Paint brush, Daughter of God, An Arrow, A Dart, Eyes bright as lamp,
Evyavan - Male - Lord Vishnu, An epithet of Vishnu and of the maruts, Going quickly, Granting desire on one object, One who grants all wishes, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ebrahim - Male - Derived from the word Ibrahim it means God's messenger, Father of many nations.
Evelynne - Female - this is a spelling variation of a famous name which means to live or life.
Era - Female - In Hindi Yug, Earth, Muse, wind or air, it also means a very long duration of time.
Erisha - Female - it means a goddess of Greek mythology.
Ezekiel - Male - A person who is made stronger by God, A person who is made stronger by God
Eman - Female - Faith, Belief, Faith in Allah, this name means faith or belief.
Elzina - Female - this name means woman or god is my oath.
Eshani - Female - Consort of Lord shiva., Close to God, Name of Goddess Durga, Goddess Parvati, it usually means a wish or a desire.
Eesha - Female - Desire, Attractive, Indian Goddess Parvati, Purity
Evanna - Female - a female fighter who is young and good.
Eshanth - Male - Lord Vishnu, One of the many names of Lord Vishnu
Ellena - Female - One who is the most beautiful women, full of light
Elesea - Female - An independent person who takes God as his oath
Evelin - Female - a feminized word which signifies life or to live.
Eiliyah - Female - The beautiful one to grow in peace and Love with God, The Beautiful One to Grow in Peace and Love with God, A variant spelling is Iliya
Ewa - Female - She who brings life to everything
Esana - Female - a feminized word meaning to safeguard.
Elena - Female - Excellent, Brilliant, Champion, Defender of men, Greek name Helen, bright one
Eyhab - Male - To give freely, To endow someone with a gift, He who is an uncle
Eshal - Female - Flower of Jannat paradise, The Name of Flower in the Heaven, Pleasure, Desire, Purity, One of the many names of Goddess Paravati
Emilia - Female - this name means to rival or emulate or excel.
Ethen - Male - safe or firm or strong., safe or firm or strong.
Elroy - Male - A red-haired youth who is a King, A red-haired youth who is a King
Erish - Male - To cherish, To hold dear, To cherish, To hold dear, Beloved, Dearmost
Eklavya - Male - Student who learned bow by watching, One who is well known for his Devotion to his Guru, A character name in Epic Mahabharat, Pupil of Dronacharya
Evanora - Female - a gift of god.
Eeshan - Male - Lord Shiva, The Sun, Vishnu, Agni and Surya, Ruler, Generous, Causing prosperity, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Emira - Female - someone who is worhty or merit or a princess.
Elvis - Male - this name means sage or elf or wise friend., this name means sage or elf or wise friend.
Easter - Female - The name easter is derived from the word eastre which means 'Godsess of Spring'
Eeshika - Female - An arrow, Dart, One who achieves, Paint brush, Daughter of God, A powerful arrow
Ekanshi - Female - They are natty, kind hearted individual
Edha - Female - Sacred, Wealth, Strength, Happiness, The sacred one who is very vigilant
Ethan - Male - Strong, strong or gift of the island.
Eireen - Female - A peace loving and humble natured being
Ezhil - Female - Beauty, A very beautiful woman
Enisa - Female - Good friend, Friend or companion
Eshanka - Female - Goddess Parvati, Parvati-consort of Shiva (Wife of Shiva), goddess Parvati or Shiva's wife.
Eshana - Female - Want, Wish, Desire, Aim, Impulse, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekisha - Female - One Goddess, The one who is famous Goddess
Emmanuel - Male - a word used for the Messiah in the old testament which also means god is with us., a word used for the Messiah in the old testament which also means god is with us.
Elesa - Female - The one who is elegant and traditional
Ekayan - Male - The Doctrine of Unity; Worldly Wisdom; Enlighted; Knowledgeable about life, The Doctrine of Unity, Worldly Wisdom, Enlighted, Knowledgeable about life
Eshit - Male - Desired, Sought, Desired, Wished, Long, Crave, One who is longed and wanted
Erwin - Male - a friend who is beautiful or fresh and green water., a friend who is beautiful or fresh and green water.
Ewan - Male - A man born of the yew tree, A man born of the yew tree
Eshita - Female - One who desires, Desired, One who seeks, Desirous, one who desires.
Eha - Male - Lord Vishnu, In this place, Here, Now, At this time, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ekakshara - Male - He of the single syllable, A name of Lord Ganesh, Oneself, Alone, Being on your own, Solitude, Seclusion
Ezio - Male - One who is like an eagle, One who is like an eagle
Ehsan - Male - Favor, Good, Goodness, One who is kind and believes in unity
Erin - Female - Beauty
Eeshana - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe;, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe,
Elwin - Male - this name means elf or wise friend., this name means elf or wise friend.
Evram - Male - Variation of Avram, meaning the father of many nations, Variation of Avram, meaning the father of many nations
Ele - Female - The black, shining one
Edward - Male - One who is like a rich guard, One who is like a rich guard
Elston - Male - this means my god is Jehovah from Elijah or someone from old town., this means my god is Jehovah from Elijah or someone from old town.
Elijah - Female - Beautiful, Sweet, Smart
Ersheen - Female - god's beauty.
Eshanika - Female - Fulfilling desire, Belonging to the north east, Satisfying, means to fulfill one's desires.
Eric - Male - ever or eternal ruler., ever or eternal ruler.
Eshanya - Female - East, North east, East, One of many names of Goddess Parvati, Purity, Desire
Evangeline - Female - a good news or a good gospel.
Erhi - Female - a musical instrument.
Eka - Female - Matchless, Alone, Unique, Goddess Durga, The best, Chief, Excellent, First, One, The first born child
Elrick - Male - A habitational name; a noble ruler, A habitational name, a noble ruler
Eido - Male - Illuminating way; one who can do great things, Illuminating way, one who can do great things
Ehimaya - Female - An all pervading intellect, One who is an all prevading intelligent
Evani - Female - The earth, Alive
Eshe - Female - it means immortal.
Eijaz - Male - Miracle, Wondrous nature, Miracle, Wonder, Marvel
Eshansh - Male - A part of God, A Part of God, A divine part, A blessing of God
Eylo - Male - Eagle or brave, Eagle or brave
Emiliana - Female - this name means someone who wants to excel or be excellent.
Emil - Male - this means a person who is lively and eager., this means a person who is lively and eager.
Eabha - Female - The hebrew meaning of the name eabha means 'To Live'.
Eleora - Female - Idealistic, God is the ultimate light
Elza - Female - this is a form of Elizabeth or can also mean god is my joy
Elaina - Female - The bright and shining light
Eashan - Male - Lord Shiva, Sovereign, A Rudra, Name of Sun, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Eirene - Female - A peace loving person, daughter of Posseidan
Ekta - Female - Unity, Harmony
Ekaparnika - Female - Goddess Durga, Living upon one leaf, They are like Goddess Durga
Evita - Female - Deminutive of Eva, means a mother of all that lives
Eessa - Male - Lebanese variation of Jesus. It means devoted to God., Lebanese variation of Jesus. It means devoted to God.
Elie - Male - One who deeply loves God and shares light, One who deeply loves God and shares light
Eilshan - Male - Ruler
Elladora - Female - A gift sent from heaven, one who is filled with light
Eadwina - Female - Feminine form of Edwin it means 'Rich Friend'.
Eeshta - Female - Beloved, Another name of Lord Vishnu, Goddess Lakshmi and a name given to karmic Yoga, Beloved, Name of Godess lakshmi
Ehsaas - Male - Feel, Feeling, Compassion, Emotions, Realizations
Earvin - Male - A thrifty friend; they are happy, A thrifty friend, they are happy
Eeshvara - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ean - Male - It means God is forgiving., It means God is forgiving.
Eline - Female - One who shares light and brightness
Ekaveer - Male - One King; One Emperor; One Ruler; One Leader; One Chief; Bravest of the Brave, One King, One Emperor, One Ruler, One Leader, One Chief, Bravest of the Brave
Elsa - Female - God who provides satisfaction, truth
Ekam - Female - Oneness, One, Single, Solitary, Unity, Spirituality
Elyas - Male - this name means the Biblical Elijah in Islam or lord is my god., this name means the Biblical Elijah in Islam or lord is my god.
Ethelind - Male - an Anglo-Saxon name meaning noble snake., an Anglo-Saxon name meaning noble snake.
Eniya - Female - Well born, Noble
Eiham - Male - Fantasy
Ezina - Female - To beautify
Ekansha - Female - Complete, One
Ezri - Male - He who enjoys helping people, He who enjoys helping people
Elsie - Female - this means noble by birth or god is bountiful.
Edan - Male - One who is born out of fire; is zealous; fiery; a delight, One who is born out of fire, is zealous, fiery, a delight
Evon - Female - Born of the yew, Yahweh is gracious, Variant of a Gaelic name anglicized as John
Edvin - Male - One who is friend for riches, One who is friend for riches
Ekanjeet - Male - Triumph of the God, God's Triumph, Victory of God,
Eilaria - Female - Cheerful, merry, one who has a great love for nature
Ethney - Female - a Celtic word meaning fire.
Ezhillovian - Male - An artist who is the most pretty, An artist who is the most pretty
Elior - Male - God who shows mercy and is my light, God who shows mercy and is my light
Ekaksha - Male - One eyed, Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva signifying his determination and strong will
Elvin - Male - this name means noble friend or wise old friend., this name means noble friend or wise old friend.
Ekish - Male - The primal God, Brahman or the supreme spirit
Emmad - Male - a leader., a leader.
Elisha - Female - Abbreviation of elisabeth
Emerich - Male - this means someone with power and who is a leader., this means someone with power and who is a leader.
Ezell - Male - A noble-born person, A noble-born person
Erheer - Female - a Punjabi word meaning diamond.
Emmersette - Female - a rich and powerful lady belonging to a well known house.
Ekaakshara - Male - He of the single syllable, A name of Lord Ganesh, A Name for Lord Ganesha
Evienne - Female - The mother of everything that lives
Esad - Male - One who is very lucky., One who is very lucky.
Evanne - Female - a female young fighter who is equally good.
Ekavira - Female - Daughter of Lord Shiva
Eiram - Female - Heaven, Heaven, a self assured person and responsible being
Ekana - Male - Lord Vishnu, One of many names of Lord Vishnu signifying him as the proposer
Elfesya - Female - A girl as beautiful as a fairy or princess, fairy or princess
Elizabella - Female - Beautiful person who took God as an oath
Emika - Female - in Slavik this name means charming.
Ekadrishta - Male - Single tusked Lord, Single-tusked Lord, One of the many names of Lord Ganesh
Eila - Female - The earth, Cardamom tree, Daughter of Manu, Moonlight, Turpentine tree, Terebinth tree, The daughter of manu who is like the Earth
Eta - Female - Luminous, a feminized word meaning shining.
Eshna - Female - Desire, a wish.
Eeshvi - Female - God
Emiliano - Male - this name means someone who is industrious and has the zeal to work hard., this name means someone who is industrious and has the zeal to work hard.
Elakshi - Female - A woman with bright eyes, One who has bright and beautiful eyes
Eara - Female - It means ' From the East' in Scottish .
Eti - Female - it means ending or conclusion.
Emmanuela - Female - this is the feminine form of the Biblical name for the Messiah and also has the meaning that god should be with us.
Eshva - Female - somebody who is born at easter.
Eth - Male - A modest person, bowed in the humble greeting, A modest person, bowed in the humble greeting
Elayne - Female - The ray of light entering heart
Elita - Female - One who has made a huge difference and is noble
Ekamroop - Female - Embodiment of oneness, One who has embodied oneness
Ekalavya - Male - Renowned for his devotion to his Guru, One who is well known for his Devotion to his Guru, A character name in Epic Mahabharat, Pupil of Dronacharya
Ecaterina - Female - An affectionate, innocent and pure chaste being
Ellina - Female - The entire world, the bright and shining one
Esmeralda - Female - a Spanish word meaning emerald.
Eleonore - Female - A shining bright ray of light
Emanita - Female - this name is a combination of two names emily and anita.
Emmarie - Female - a faithful or truthful person.
Enmei - Male - bright circle or life sustaining., bright circle or life sustaining.
Emmeranne - Female - Raven
Etasa - Female - shining dappled horse or one who desires.
Ervin - Male - fresh water or beautiful., fresh water or beautiful.
Estevan - Male - this is a Spanish word which means crown., this is a Spanish word which means crown.
Esla - Female - it is an Anglo-Saxon word meaning truth.
Ela - Female - The earth, Cardamom tree, Daughter of Manu, Moonlight, Turpentine tree, Terebinth tree, They are the representative of mother Earth
Evangelin - Female - Evangeline
Elizabez - Female - One who has new desires and expectations
Etemad - Male - reliance or trust or confidence in another person., reliance or trust or confidence in another person.
Eli - Male - Since a child they understand God, Since a child they understand God
Eshai - Male - A form of Jesse, meaning God exists., A form of Jesse, meaning God exists.
Einar - Male - The one and only warrior, The one and only warrior
Esperanza - Male - Spanish word for hope., Spanish word for hope.
Eirisse - Female - A variant of Iris, meaning rainbow
Ezra - Male - One who loves to help others, One who loves to help others
Egil - Male - One who inspires fright, One who inspires fright
Eileen - Female - Shining bright light, Strong as Hazelnut
Emalee - Female - the meaning of this name is industrious or striving.
Elma - Female - Apple, One who is sweet like an apple
Elsheikhidris - Male - the meaning of this name is leader or a born prince of Allah., the meaning of this name is leader or a born prince of Allah.
Ednit - Male - Evolved, Developed, Evolved, Grown, Developed, Advanced
Eun - Female - Silver
Ekaksharapara - Female - The Goddess who likes Om
Esme - Male - a French word for esteem., a French word for esteem.
Etasha - Female - Shining
Edrice - Female - A prosperous ruler
Ekavir - Male - Bravest of the brave, Bravest of the Brave, One Leader, One Chief,
Ebonee - Female - Its Egyptian and greek meaning is Black.
Elan - Male - A friendly and lovely person; a tree, A friendly and lovely person, a tree
Esra - Female - it means more or quick.
Ellianna - Female - Answer to God's prayers
Elana - Female - Hebrew: tree Greek: sun ray, Bright one, Shining One, Oak Tree, A contracted form of Eleanor
Erasmus - Male - desired or beloved or worthy or love; Saint Erasmus., desired or beloved or worthy or love, Saint Erasmus.
Eliana - Female - God has given the answer
Eveline - Female - to breathe or to live.
Ezrine - Female - Lovable
Esther - Female - Sweet, Star, Planet Venus, The Babylonian goddess of love, Fifth Century Queen of Persia
Eshar - Male - Blessed, Prosperous, Blessed, Prosperous, Rich, Wealthy, Gifted
Elakkiyan - Male - One who is accomplished in literature, One who is accomplished in literature
Eisha - Female - Desire, Attractive, Purity, name of Goddess Parvati
Eevi - Male - Finnish form of Edwin; rich friend, Finnish form of Edwin, rich friend
Emmalee - Female - a tremendously indutrious or hardworking person.
Eryx - Male - in Greek mythology the son of Poseidon and Aphrodite., in Greek mythology the son of Poseidon and Aphrodite.
Elisabeta - Female - They are masters of gorgeous personalities
Erving - Male - a descendant of Eiramhon., a descendant of Eiramhon.
Elyce - Female - this name means Elijah or god is my oath or Jehovah is god.
Ekaaksh - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Enzo - Male - it means someone who rules a estate or a house., it means someone who rules a estate or a house.
Elyzabeth - Female - this name means my god is abundance or oath is my god.
Enas - Female - One with a friendly and jovial demeanor.
Eness - Female - queen of beauty.
Elend - Male - The first ray of the sun in the morning., The first ray of the sun in the morning.
Eastorwine - Male - A person who has quailities of a leader., A person who has quailities of a leader.
Elaisa - Male - God has sworn, God has sworn
Eulalia - Male - a saint who got martyred., a saint who got martyred.
Ezequiel - Male - One made stronger by God, One made stronger by God
Erista - Female - Latin word for harvest.
Eben - Male - It means a precious stone of help., It means a precious stone of help.
Elkanah - Male - One who is created and purchased by God, One who is created and purchased by God
Elizabelle - Female - One who takes God as an Oath
Ercilia - Female - a character from Roman mythological legends.
Ellis - Male - Elijah; One who considers Jehovah as God, Elijah, One who considers Jehovah as God
Edith - Female - Rich and blessed person who is quiet
Etisha - Female - Beginning after the end.
Enakulesh - Male - A King; Emperor; One of many names of Lord Sri Ram, A King, Emperor, One of many names of Lord Sri Ram
Ekadrina - Male - Name of Lord Shiva, Name of Lord Shiva
Enrique - Male - ruler of an estate., ruler of an estate.
Edana - Female - Fire , a tiny little flame
Enakshi - Female - Dear eyed, Doe-eyed, a deer eyed person.
Emily - Female - Eager, a name that often signifies a hardwroking, dilligent and an industrious person.
Ediz - Male - Of high position; they have a lavish lifestyle, Of high position, they have a lavish lifestyle
Emmett - Male - somebody who has a lot of power and is brave., somebody who has a lot of power and is brave.
Edwardene - Female - Rich defender, one who is like a wealthy guard
Eryka - Female - a feminized word which means someone who rules for eternity.
Ekaja - Female - The only child, They are the one wnd only child
Eiravati - Female - Lightening, Ravi river, One who has lightening speed , Ravi river
Elamaran - Male - Young Lord Murugan, Youthful, Young Looking, Juvenile, One of many names of Lord Muruga in his young form
Ezesinachi - Male - The chief is from God., The chief is from God.
Eyad - Male - One who possesses power and might, One who possesses power and might
Emilyn - Female - this name means someone who is striving and works hard.
Enriqueta - Female - a feminized version of the word enrique meaning ruler of the home.
Eknoor - Female - One light
Ekachakr - Male - Lord Nityanand's Birthplace; One who holds one wheel; One of many names of Lord Vishnu, Lord Nityanand's Birthplace, One who holds one wheel, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ehit - Male - Always smiling
Eriel - Female - lion of god.
Eirawat - Male - Name of the Celestial White Elephant of Indra; Deorated Elephant, Name of the Celestial White Elephant of Indra, Deorated Elephant
Effi - Female - A good speaker, they are majestic and charming
Elara - Female - A cheerful and happy individual
Ehsaan - Male - Favor, Good, Goodness, One who strives for perfection or excellence
Elladine - Female - A bright and shining ray of light
Espen - Male - a Dutch name for a bear which was owned by god., a Dutch name for a bear which was owned by god.
Ekadanta - Male - Single tusked Lord, Lord Ganesh, Single-tusked Lord, One of the many names of Lord Ganesh
Eleyn - Female - A hazelnut, they are passionate
Eloisa - Female - Another form of Louise, healthy and wide individual
Elzbieta - Female - this means my god is bountiful or god of plenty.
Eunicia - Female - a word in Greek which means good victory.
Ezhumalai - Male - Lord Venkateshwara; Lord of Seven Hills; Lord Balaji; One of many names of Lord Vishnu, Lord Venkateshwara, Lord of Seven Hills, Lord Balaji, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Eshni - Female - Consort of Lord shiva., Close to God, Name of Goddess Durga, Goddess Parvati, wife of lord Shiva.
Elinwy - Male - They are insightful, lonely and youthful, They are insightful, lonely and youthful
Eddis - Male - Brave and powerful son of Edward, Brave and powerful son of Edward
Emmaline - Female - hardwoking and striving for excellence that is universal or complete.
Epicelena - Female - a very long narrative or story or novel.
Eekalabya - Male - A Pupil , Student of Guru Dronnachaarya; A variant name of Eekalavya, A Pupil , Student of Guru Dronnachaarya, A variant name of Eekalavya
Ekayana - Male - One who is the doctrine of unity, One who is the doctrine of unity
Elvio - Male - this name means someone who is blond or fair., this name means someone who is blond or fair.
Eashav - Male - Special, Gifted, Exceptional
Eduarda - Male - Famous bearer of light and energy, Famous bearer of light and energy
Eluric - Male - this means an old wise ruler., this means an old wise ruler.
Eiling - Female - Bird, a versatile and creative being
Elicia - Female - One who speak and narrate ideas very well
Erena - Female - it means peace.
Ekemma - Female - One who was born on Eke market day.
Etsudo - Female - a Japanese name meaning joy and child.
Emilie - Female - someone who is extremely laborious, hard working and striving.
Eihaa - Female - To inspire
Ekambir - Male - One heroic God, One who is a brave God
Elgiva - Female - A holy and sacred human being
Elisabelle - Female - One who takes God as Oath, helpful
Eramana - Female - a highly revered and honourable person.
Emiri - Female - one who tries to excel or a royal person.
Estefany - Female - crowned or glory or wealth.
Eziamaka - Female - One who believes that good things are obtained by going out.
Eada - Female - It means Wealthy.
Ellyce - Female - Elijah's Greek form, compassionate
Eustacia - Female - somebody who is fertile or frutiful or productive.
Emine - Female - it means one who is fearless and courageous.
Emmeton - Male - a person born out of power., a person born out of power.
Ellieana - Female - An answer to God's prayers
Elyzabel - Female - this name means pledged to god or oath is my god.
Ekaa - Female - Matchless, Alone, Unique, Goddess Durga, The best, Chief, Excellent, First, One, Name of Goddess Durga
Emilian - Male - it means excellent or the desire to excel., it means excellent or the desire to excel.
Eferhild - Female - A strong warrior
Egan - Female - Fire,young fighter
Emanuelly - Female - A variant of Emmanuella, meaning God is with us.
Esterina - Female - strong and vital.
Esharvir - Male - Gods warrior, Victorious almighty God
Ekandra - Male - One of many names of Lord Vishnu, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Eliamar - Female - One who has deep faith in destiny
Evelyne - Female - a name which means to live.
Emilianne - Female - Industrious
Ekamjeet - Male - Victory of one God, One who depicts oneness
Edwinc - Female - Warrior, one who has varied experiences
Etti - Female - myrtle or bride or star.
Eliyah - Male - A form of Elijah. It means my God is Yahweh., A form of Elijah. It means my God is Yahweh.
Eragon - Male - a fictional character who rides a dragon., a fictional character who rides a dragon.
Eleisha - Female - God who provides salvation, God who provides salvation
Emmanuella - Female - means god with us from the old testament in Biblical verses.
Erianna - Female - silver in Welsh language.
Evulka - Female - Alive or living
Ekan - Male - To Suggest; One who proposes; One who advices; One of many names of Lord Vishnu, To Suggest, One who proposes, One who advices, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ezhilarasan - Male - The most beautiful King of all, The most beautiful King of all
Epshita - Female - Goddess Lakshmi, Desired
Ellmeria - Female - One who is like an aristrocratic lady or a Princess
Ennis - Male - this means the only choice., this means the only choice.
Elisabetha - Female - A bountiful God figure on Earth
Eloa - Female - Goddess in Brazilian language.
Eloise - Female - A healthy and wide individual
Elham - Female - Inspiration, Revelation
Ezhilarasi - Female - Queen of Beauty, Pleasing and Attractive, Queen of Charm
Erbic - Male - an Arabic baby name for love., an Arabic baby name for love.
Estephen - Male - victorious or corwned or someone crowned victoriously., victorious or corwned or someone crowned victoriously.
Edwina - Female - A successful friend, a rich and wealthy friend
Eleanora - Female - Light which is shining and bright
Elsje - Female - righteous or noble.
Ekshith - Female - Name of Goddess Lakshmi
Emme - Female - Jewel, Gem, A variant spelling of name Emma
Enajina - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil, One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil
Edison - Male - One who is a succesor of Edward, One who is a succesor of Edward
Elvy - Male - this name means elf warrior or elf friend., this name means elf warrior or elf friend.
Ekachakra - Male - (Son of Kashyap), Son of Kashyapa, One who holds one wheel, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ellisha - Female - Another Greek form of Elijah
Ebrah - Female - Wisdom to learn from experience.
Elsinore - Female - Name of Hamlet's castle
Ehani - Female - Song
Elilan - Male - One who is dashing and handsome, One who is dashing and handsome
Elianny - Female - A Dominic Republic variant of Eliana. It means my God has answered.
Emilio - Male - someone who tries to emulate or a rival., someone who tries to emulate or a rival.
Edwinna - Female - Good friend, one who is rich in friendship
Emelia - Female - a striving or industrious person is described using this name.
Ethelyn - Female - an Old English word for noble.
Evangelos - Female - a Greek word for a messenger who brings good news.
Edalene - Female - A noble queen like woman
Elga - Female - Elfin Spear, Holy
Ezhilan - Male - A man of humble character, A man of humble character
Elisangela - Female - One who takes God as an Oath, a friend
Eloriah - Female - One who is truthful and faithdul
Enemnogenus - Male - a fierce birdlike person., a fierce birdlike person.
Egbertha - Female - Bright sword, onw which is shining and lavish
Eiman - Female - Faith, A faithful and clever minded person
Ellu - Male - Sesame seed considered sacred, Tamil equivalent of Sesame Seed
Edvard - Male - Wealthy protector who is ardent speaker, Wealthy protector who is ardent speaker
Edwarda - Male - Rich and famous person, Rich and famous person
Elvisa - Female - this name means healthy and safe.
Emberlyn - Female - this name means as precious as a beautiful jewel.
Emeliana - Female - this name means to continually strive or excel against a rival.
Elaparna - Male - One of the cardamom creeper, One of the cardamom creeper
Edgar - Male - Favoured by good luck, Favoured by good luck
Epifanio - Male - revelation of god., revelation of god.
Eleni - Female - Variation of the beautiful Helen
Emilynne - Female - a person who is industrious and strives extremely hard to excel.
Ebhanan - Male - One of many names of Ganpati signifying his elephant face, One of many names of Ganpati signifying his elephant face
Elye - Male - A form of Elijah, meaning height or ascension., A form of Elijah, meaning height or ascension.
Edolie - Male - Good person and a kind being, Good person and a kind being
Elah - Male - A curse made; an oak tree, A curse made, an oak tree
Eosterwine - Male - an ancient Christianity father in Anglo-Saxon culture., an ancient Christianity father in Anglo-Saxon culture.
Eferhilda - Female - Warrior who is strong as Bear
Emina - Female - a trustworthy person.
Emmegail - Female - this means a high born lady.
Eucabeth - Female - One who is great.
Ellora - Female - Clouds, Clouds, Also name given to cave temples in India
Ehteram - Female - Respect, Respect, Consideration, Admiration, A variant spelling is Ehtiram and Ihtiram
Ezhilinpan - Male - The beauty that happiness brings, The beauty that happiness brings
Eadwald - Male - Derived from the word eadweald it means  'Rich Ruler'., Derived from the word eadweald it means  'Rich Ruler'.
Emery - Male - a hardworking, brave and powerful ruler was used to be called by this name., a hardworking, brave and powerful ruler was used to be called by this name.
Eyvind - Male - The winner of the iselands, The winner of the iselands
Edolina - Female - Helping and pleasant nature
Eldridge - Female - A sage like faithful and wise advisor
Elisia - Female - A friendly, loving and stable person
Elvah - Female - this name means elf power or magical power.
Ekanta - Female - Devoted girl, Lovely, Beautiful, Exclusive, One who is in love with solitude
Elna - Female - Longing, Cherished, Desired, A creative as well as creative person
Eladaria - Female - The luxurious paradise, they are powerful
Ekanayana - Male - Beautiful; Matchless Beauty; Pleasing; Charming; Having one eye, Beautiful, Matchless Beauty, Pleasing, Charming, Having one eye
Earlie - Male - Derived from the word earl it means a noble person., Derived from the word earl it means a noble person.
Earwine - Male - The one who is white river; a friend of sea, The one who is white river, a friend of sea
Eislyn - Female - Dream, a beautiful and preety rose
Ellyn - Female - Like Helen, a beautiful woman
Elva - Female - this name basically means a elfin
Emerald - Female - this is a precious gemstone with the same name.
Ereshva - Female - Righteous, a righteous being.
Eimy - Female - A Dominic Republic variation of Amy. It means loved.
Ezrah - Male - A helpful person, A helpful person
Elinui - Male - A responsible and imaginative being, A responsible and imaginative being
Elois - Male - A brave and famous warrior, A brave and famous warrior
Edita - Female - They are sucessful in warfare
Edrea - Female - One who is rich and powerful, of high authority
Elvina - Female - this name means elf or magical friend or noble being.
Embe - Female - this name means burnt coal.
Embla - Female - according to Norse mythology Embla was the first woman on earth.
Ermine - Female - weasel or Armenian mouse.
Eshwar - Male - Lord Shiva, God, Supreme being, Personal God, Or special self, God, Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Earl - Male - It means king,warrior or chief in different languages., It means king,warrior or chief in different languages.
Elisabeth - Female - God providing satisfaction and support
Elvinia - Female - this name means elfin.
Eswanth - Male - a word for Lord Krishna., a word for Lord Krishna.
Elilarasan - Male - Handsome, King of beauty, Handsome, King of Beauty, Charming, Appealing, Attractive, Good Looking
Edlin - Male - A rich friend; popular and friendly, A rich friend, popular and friendly
Edwardo - Male - One who is born to serve like a prosperous guardian, One who is born to serve like a prosperous guardian
Egonia - Male - Edge of a sword, Edge of a sword
Elisheba - Male - One who provides salvation; a God, One who provides salvation, a God
Endrit - Male - to shine or have light., to shine or have light.
Enny - Female - feminised Finnish word for edge of a sword.
Evelina - Female - the action of breathing or living life.
Ekkam - Female - The one who is united
Edwarde - Male - A wealthy guard, A wealthy guard
Edwardyne - Female - One who is wealthy defender
Elveena - Female - a good friend of the elves is described by this name.
Emelie - Female - literally meaning someone who is striving or eager to excel when faced in difficult situations against a rival.
Eulah - Female - somebody who is very sweet spoken or is like a gem of the sea.
Etana - Male - a Hawaiian word meaning strong., a Hawaiian word meaning strong.
Euan - Male - born of the Yew tree., born of the Yew tree.
Elis - Female - One who loves the company of the Lord
Ellene - Female - A bright and shining light, deep inner sense, beautiful
Erla - Female - feminized form of Erl meaning a warrior or noble lady.
Evea - Female - the juniper tree in Greek language.
Ekacakra - Male - The brilliant son of Kashyapa, The brilliant son of Kashyapa
Eadwyn - Male - It means a valued friend, It means a valued friend
Eddy - Male - A wealthy guardian; rich and friendly, A wealthy guardian, rich and friendly
Enar - Male - A fighter., A fighter.
Efia - Female - Born on friday
Elfrydah - Female - One who knows magic like an Elf
Elizandra - Female - One who has all the beauty of the world
Elwine - Female - this name means a friend of the elves.
Ekantha - Female - Devoted girl, Lovely, Beautiful, Exclusive, One who is peaceful and love solitude
Ekanthika - Female - Devoted to one aim, Singly focused, Focused, Single-minded
Eadsele - Male - One who is from Edward's estate, One who is from Edward's estate
Edwardus - Male - Son of edward; fortunate friend, Son of edward, fortunate friend
Egill - Male - Terror, one who terrorizes others., Terror, one who terrorizes others.
Eruera - Male - Eruera is the Maori form of Edward and means rich and happy guardian., Eruera is the Maori form of Edward and means rich and happy guardian.
Eireann - Female - Ireland land, one who belongs from Ireland
Elwira - Female - this name means white.
Ebi - Male - Paternal, Paternal, A variant of name Eby
Eershita - Female - Goddess Saraswati
Ellma - Female - God provides protection, an apple
Ejub - Male - Bosnian version of the name Ayub. It means returning to God, repenting., Bosnian version of the name Ayub. It means returning to God, repenting.
Erran - Male - Eagle; Bird Name; A Tamil name for Eagle, Eagle, Bird Name, A Tamil name for Eagle
Emory - Male - brave, powerful, industrious leader., brave, powerful, industrious leader.
Ethelwynne - Male - a maculinized Old English word meaning a noble friend., a maculinized Old English word meaning a noble friend.
Eidra - Female - Rich and powerful, with great responsibility
Eisa - Female - Yahweh is my salvation, Name of a Prophet
Elsea - Female - this means one who is devoted to god or is pledged to god.
Elysant - Female - this name means an Elizabethan Saint.
Emalyn - Female - this name means peaceful home or little rival.
Emberlynn - Female - the name signifies a precious pretty jewel.
Emiko - Female - this name means a prosperous and beautiful child.
Eusebia - Female - it means pious.
Ejaz Ahemad - Male - Person who does miracles
Eiger - Male - Sharp like a javelin; very strong, Sharp like a javelin, very strong
Eire - Male - Ireland land; a Goddess of Gaelic, Ireland land, a Goddess of Gaelic
Elmera - Female - One who excels, likable person
Emylyna - Female - combination of two names emmy and lynn.
Ephie - Female - well spoken.
Erinna - Female - means Ireland.
Emaan - Female - Victorious, Pious, God Fearing, Devoted to God, Faith in religion
Entilaka - Male - it means marked., it means marked.
Eyyup - Male - Eyyup is the Turkish form of Job and means he that weeps or cries., Eyyup is the Turkish form of Job and means he that weeps or cries.
Ekamukha - Male - One who has a single face, One who has a single face
Edwardson - Male - Son of a guardian; Edward, Son of a guardian, Edward
Elgar - Male - One who shines like a spear, One who shines like a spear
Ellison - Male - Salvation; one who is the Son of Elder, Salvation, one who is the Son of Elder
Elmar - Male - The one who is awe-aspiring, The one who is awe-aspiring
Erwinek - Male - friend at sea., friend at sea.
Elinore - Female - One who is filled with light and is bright
Elisse - Female - A tender and adorable person
Emmilene - Female - hardwork and labour.
Elaura - Female - A youthful princess, rich and famous
Emman - Male - Victorious; Pious; God Fearing; Devoted to God; Faith in religion, Victorious, Pious, God Fearing, Devoted to God, Faith in religion
Eadric - Male - They are manly and wealthy ruler, They are manly and wealthy ruler
Edenia - Female - A secure place in paradise
Edwardeen - Female - Wealthy protector and filled with conciousness
Eithne - Female - A seed, graceful, ardent ruler, A kernel or grain
Elvyne - Female - this name means good elf.
Eulia - Female - the name of a saint or a soft and sweet spoken person.
Eliam - Male - one who is the personal people of the Lords, one who is the personal people of the Lords
Erwinn - Male - fresh green water or a beautiful friend., fresh green water or a beautiful friend.
Edonea - Female - A kind hearted person, generous
Elisabet - Female - One who is madly devoted to God
Ellecia - Female - Form of Elijah, ideal human being
Ellen - Female - Variant of Helen, bright, shining light
Erda - Female - earth in German language.
Eashita - Female - A person who desires a lot .
Ekamdeep - Male - Light of two persons in just one baby
Elind - Male - Dawn, Dawn
Erezwa - Male - One who is holy and righteous., One who is holy and righteous.
Ekant - Male - Solitary, Solitary, Lonely, Private, Alone, Single, Calm, Peaceful
Easterwine - Male - A person who is a quick thinker and appreciates arts ., A person who is a quick thinker and appreciates arts .
Evadne - Female - a Greek word for good.
Earlina - Female - It means a very strong and noble women.
Ekaterina - Female - One who is innocent and pure
Elinor - Female - One who is filled with sense and sensibility
Elyta - Female - this name means winged.
Emogene - Female - a maiden is signified by this name.
Epkereamaka - Female - One who finds prayer is good and wonderful.
Erykah - Female - a feminized German word which in essence means a ruler for eternity.
Eudocia - Female - highly regarded.
Eufemia - Female - to speak or to declare or words of good omen.
Eashta - Female - Beloved, Another name of Lord Vishnu, Goddess Lakshmi and a name given to karmic Yoga
Ekaaksha - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekendra - Male - The Sole Lord; The Supreme Being; Primal God; Ultimate Power, The Sole Lord, The Supreme Being, Primal God, Ultimate Power
Elillarasan - Male - One who is born beautiful, One who is born beautiful
Elvey - Male - this name means elf warrior, this name means elf warrior
Emry - Male - an older brother or a loving friend is signified by this name., an older brother or a loving friend is signified by this name.
Edwards - Male - Guard; one who is a good defender, Guard, one who is a good defender
Efrat - Male - One who is very reputed and briliant, One who is very reputed and briliant
Enos - Male - the grandson of Adam and Eve; the first human beings on earth., the grandson of Adam and Eve, the first human beings on earth.
Eppo - Male - a Finnish word for a character of a Shakespearean play Comedy of Errors., a Finnish word for a character of a Shakespearean play Comedy of Errors.
Essra - Male - it means help., it means help.
Evgenia - Female - She who is born as a good person
Ekambari - Female - Sky
Eeswari - Female - Goddess
Elmerya - Female - One who has a noble heart
Egharevba - Male - One who is not bothered of enemies., One who is not bothered of enemies.
Edris - Male - Wealthy ruler; full of energy, Wealthy ruler, full of energy
Eily - Female - Juniper tree, filled with light
Elata - Female - The light coming fron the heart
Evy - Female - A woman who gave life to everything
Eraj - Female - Morning light
Ekantika - Female - Devoted to one aim, Singly focused, Focused, Single-minded, One who is singly focused
Ekamjot - Female - God'S Light, Brightness, Luminance and Radiance of God
Ehimay - Male - All pervasive, All-pervading intelligence, All Pervasive, Omnipresent, Persistent, All-encompassing
Edhit - Male - Grown, Developed, Strengthened, Evolved, Grown, Developed, Advanced
Elbhen - Male - The child of the living beings, The child of the living beings
Elissa - Male - They are Eliss's son; strong and mighty, They are Eliss's son, strong and mighty
Emmersyn - Male - this name signifies someone who is powerful and brave at heart., this name signifies someone who is powerful and brave at heart.
Elleanor - Female - Shining God who shows light to all, bright torch
Ellon - Female - One who is passionate and loves freedom, bright
Elowen - Female - One who is powerful like an Elm tree
Emelda - Female - this name literally means an entire battle.
Emmalynn - Female - a zeal to work hard and be industrious.
Ernestina - Female - a feminized word which means somebody who is serious and determined.
Ebbe - Male - It means Brave like a Boar., It means Brave like a Boar.
Eideann - Male - One who has little fire inside their soul, One who has little fire inside their soul
Ediva - Female - Work hard for wealth and health
Elin - Female - Light coming out and is the most beautiful one
Ellfrida - Female - A powerful and magical creature, an Elf
Emmalyn - Female - great strength and hard work.
Estrella - Female - a feminized word meaning star.
Eilman - Male - Banner of the tribe
Eranvej - Male - Land of Aryans; Home of the Aryans; Iranian Expanse, Land of Aryans, Home of the Aryans, Iranian Expanse
Emmet - Male - a powerful person., a powerful person.
Eileene - Female - Light source which is bright and shining
Emmaleah - Female - a powerful and strengthful person.
Eihab - Male - To give freely, To endow someone with a gift
Eelavarasan - Male - King of Eelam, King of Eelam
Elsadig - Male - this means one who is disciplined and dedicated., this means one who is disciplined and dedicated.
Esegar - Male - a word used for referring to God., a word used for referring to God.
Elavendhan - Male - The honorable person in the world, Honourable Person in the World, One who is held with great respect and regard
Ezriel - Male - He who recieved help of God, He who recieved help of God
Elikplim - Male - God is with me, God is with me
Egelina - Female - One who has the power of an Eagle
Eisley - Female - A cheerful and magical person, who is majestic
Elyvia - Female - this name means olive tree.
Emiola - Female - The honorable one, or an honorable man.
Eolande - Female - violet flower.
Ernestyna - Female - a Teutonic feminized word meaning determined, serious and earnest.
Eui - Female - Righteousness
Ekambar - Male - Sky, Sky, Heaven, Lord of the Sky
Eshanputra - Male - Son of Lord Shiva, One who is the child of Lord Shiva
Ectorius - Male - To restrain; one who has imagibative and creative mind, To restrain, one who has imagibative and creative mind
Entriken - Male - a family name of a famous ancient dynasty from Great Britain., a family name of a famous ancient dynasty from Great Britain.
Eskil - Male - god or divinity., god or divinity.
Esperance - Male - hope., hope.
Edmonda - Female - The clean one who is like a  guardian
Endora - Female - it is a Greek work meaning light.
Esin - Female - Inspiration, an inspirational woman.
Evangeliya - Female - Bulgarian feminine form of Evangelos, meaning messenger
Elvar - Male - A variant of Alvar, meaning elf warrior., A variant of Alvar, meaning elf warrior.
Emmete - Male - someone who has great strength and is hugely powerful., someone who has great strength and is hugely powerful.
Estefan - Male - a Spanish word which means someone who is crowned in victory., a Spanish word which means someone who is crowned in victory.
Elvie - Female - this name means good noble friend or elfin or good elf.
Emelyne - Female - the name is derived from old German word amal meaning labour.
Erwina - Female - a feminized word meaning someone who is a beautiful friend.
Eryn - Female - a poetic form of referring to Ireland.
Eimaan - Female - Faith, Fearless, Faith, Virtuous, Pious, God Fearing, Devoted to God, A variant spelling is Imaan
Ekata - Female - Unity
Elam - Male - One who is immortal; a virgin, One who is immortal, a virgin
Eliet - Male - A crusador who understands his God, A crusador who understands his God
Eliyahu - Male - One whho takes Lord as his God, One whho takes Lord as his God
Elona - Male - A tough individual; like Oak tree, A tough individual, like Oak tree
Eorcenbehrt - Male - a prince riding on a stallion., a prince riding on a stallion.
Edeena - Female - An uncertain person,pleasing, divine, like a god
Eidita - Female - Wealthy, joyous and responsible person
Eldreda - Female - A sage who is an old counsel
Elease - Female - Noble being who takes God as oath
Ellinette - Female - A generous person, torch
Emiliya - Female - it means to work hard.
Eneida - Female - this name means a life or a soul of a person.
Eponine - Female - protectress of horses and stallions.
Estefana - Female - someone crowned with laurels.
Exie - Female - An adorned woman
Esita - Female - One who desires, Desired, One who seeks, Desirous, a desired human being.
Ekambera - Male - Lord of the Sky; Lord of the Heaven; One of the many names of Lord Shiva, Lord of the Sky, Lord of the Heaven, One of the many names of Lord Shiva
Eirikur - Male - A man of great strength., A man of great strength.
Ephrem - Male - tremendously abundant or fruitful., tremendously abundant or fruitful.
Eurddolad - Male - a Gaelic word for justice., a Gaelic word for justice.
Eugenia - Female - aristocratic or noble by birth.
Evalie - Female - trying to equalize or rival.
Eshma - Female - Lucky, lucky or whom luck favours.
Eeshvarah - Male - He who can do anything without any help, The ultimate God
Edde - Male - One who is wealthy; Swedish form of eddie, One who is wealthy, Swedish form of eddie
Eadie - Female - An ambitious person.
Earnestine - Female - One who has vigor and is serious minded
Ellan - Female - Bright and shining light of magic
Elvena - Female - this means someone who is a friend of the elves or a friend
Emallie - Female - this name means rival or hard working.
Emanuela - Female - the literal meaning of this name is god be with us.
Emese - Female - this name means mother.
Engracia - Female - graceful.
Ethyll - Female - an ancient word of Old English which has the meaning noble.
Evaleigh - Female - the juniper tree.
Eventide - Female - The time of evening, evening
Ekatala - Male - Rhythmic; A Single Beat; Musical Harmony; One raga; Emperor, Rhythmic, A Single Beat, Musical Harmony, One raga, Emperor
Etash - Male - Brilliant, Luminous, Luminous, Radiant, Bright, Brilliant
Ekanthasai - Male - Another name of Lord Sai baba, Another name of Lord Sai baba
Ermenegildo - Male - Immense tribute, Immense tribute
Edy - Female - Who can strife for wealth
Elsabe - Female - the meaning of this name is god is a vow or my god is in abundance.
Else - Female - this is used as an abbreviation of Elisabeth or it can also mean one who is noble.
Emberley - Female - this name means spark or low flame or burning coal.
Esabella - Female - a person who has been devoted to god for salvation.
Evangelina - Female - a good gospel.
Eashana - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekaakshu - Male - One who is very intellectual and clever, One who is very intellectual and clever
Ekanayak - Male - Sole Leader; The Sole Master; One of the many names of Lord Shiva;, Sole Leader, The Sole Master, One of the many names of Lord Shiva,
Ekoram - Male - Regard; Honour; One who is held with great respect, Regard, Honour, One who is held with great respect
Eskandar - Male - Iranian form of Alexander., Iranian form of Alexander.
Ekasarga - Male - The one who is one horned, The one who is one horned
Edson - Male - Son of a fortuante warrior, Son of a fortuante warrior
Eamma - Female - Its derived from germanic name emen meaning universal.
Emilee - Female - it means someone who is striving and industrious and excellent.
Emmalise - Female - everything contained together or universal.
Enyd - Female - spirit or soul or life.
Elira - Female - They love freedom and are compassionate
Easaanasivam - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Evaraj - Male - To shine as bright as the Sun, One who shines as Bright as the Sun, Luminant and Radiant like Sun, Brilliant like Sun
Eadbehrt - Male - Ead means 'Blessed' and behrt means 'Bright', Ead means 'Blessed' and behrt means 'Bright'
Eoforheard - Male - a firm wild boar., a firm wild boar.
Ever - Male - strong as a boar., strong as a boar.
Ekada - Female - The 1st one, Giver of one, First, Brahman or the supreme spirit, Leader, Spiritual guide
Ekakanya - Female - The girl child
Ekaparana - Female - (Wife of Himalaya), One who is the wife of Himalayas
Erbir - Male - lover of god., lover of god.
Ekatma - Male - Oneself, Alone, One Soul, One Inner Heart, Single Spirit
Emlyn - Male - one who is eager for excellence or highly industrious., one who is eager for excellence or highly industrious.
Elissia - Female - God of Oath who provides satisfaction
Ellice - Female - Jehovah is the ultimate God
Eniiyi - Female - A person of integrity.
Enola - Female - it means solitary.
Ekampooj - Female - Worshipper of the supreme being, One who worships the supreme being
Ekaagar - Male - One minded, Absorbed in meditation of one, One pointed, One who is absorbed in meditation
Ekeesh - Male - The Primal God; Supreme Being; Sole Lord, The Primal God, Supreme Being, Sole Lord
Elanora - Male - The leaves of the creeper, The leaves of the creeper
Elsamhudi - Male - the meaning of this name is love of Allah., the meaning of this name is love of Allah.
Esakki - Male - Tamil God; South Indian Local God; A variant spelling is Esaki, Tamil God, South Indian Local God, A variant spelling is Esaki
Ekeswara - Male - Lord Shiva is only one, The Supreme Being, Primal God of all, Sole Lord, Ultimate Power, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekama - Male - One who is unique and peerless, One who is unique and peerless
Ekaparusa - Male - A happy to go lucky person; spontaneous and careful being, A happy to go lucky person, spontaneous and careful being
Eggert - Male - Hardy and has a lot of potential, Hardy and has a lot of potential
Ealda - Female - They are majestic creatures who rule
Eden - Female - A place of delight, joyous and happy place
Edwige - Female - Refuge from war, they are independent and confiden
Elianora - Female - One who comes out of the majestic rays of the Sun
Eura - Female - justice.
Evelia - Female - a Spanish word meaning life,
Ekani - Female - One, Oneness, One, Single, Solitary, Unity, Spirituality
Ektaa - Female - One who is a unified identity
Ekesh - Male - Emperor, Brahman or the supreme spirit
Emmery - Male - a leader of the household., a leader of the household.
Eoforich - Male - during the Norman conquests a battle concerning boars., during the Norman conquests a battle concerning boars.
Eadith - Female - One who is blessed with riches and prizes
Eartha - Female - The mother Earth
Eirian - Female - Silver, a bright and beautiful being
Elektra - Female - A shining and bright individual
Estrid - Female - a beautiful goddess.
Elmyrah - Female - A wise aristrocratic lady
Eallard - Male - One who is a brave person, One who is a brave person
Elmore - Male - Near a river bank; Elm tree, Near a river bank, Elm tree
Edwyna - Female - A valuable and wealthy friend
Elisa - Female - One who is consecrated to god
Enrieta - Female - Enrieta is a variant of Henrietta and means state ruler'.
Estrangia - Female - mother of a famous bishop.
Eufrasia - Female - she who is full of joy.
Evangelique - Female - a Latin word for good news or gospel.
Evdokiya - Female - Good glory
Emani - Female - Believer
Eil - Male - All Pervasive; Omnipresent; Persistent; All-encompassing, All Pervasive, Omnipresent, Persistent, All-encompassing
Ekamarnath - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva; Deity of Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva, Deity of Shiva
Enis - Male - One who is friendly., One who is friendly.
Ekagra - Male - Focused, Focused, Firm, One who has complete concentration, Poised, Peaceful, Stable,
Ekantaraj - Male - Devoted girl, King of Solitary, Lonely, Calm and Peaceful state
Ekanath - Male - King, Advise, King, An Emperor who proposes, Saint, Poet
Ekanatha - Male - A very famous poet, A very famous poet
Eigil - Male - The one who inspires fright in the hearts., The one who inspires fright in the hearts.
Erminus - Male - an Albanian word meaning wind from the Ion seas., an Albanian word meaning wind from the Ion seas.
Emilohi - Female - Only God is great.
Erissa - Female - this is a Greek goddess of chaos, strife and discord.
Estrellita - Female - a word which is feminized and has the meaning star.
Evie - Female - A girl who lives and breathes
Evony - Female - One who lives near the yew trees
Esmaeel - Male - (Son of abraham), it is one of the prophets mentioned in Quran.
Ekampreet - Female - Love for ones God
Effat - Female - Virtue, or chastity
Elmedina - Female - A variant of Almedina, meaning one who is devoted to faith or civilized
Esmeray - Female - a dark moon.
Ekaant - Male - Solitary; Secluded; Alone; Serene and Calm, Solitary, Secluded, Alone, Serene and Calm
Eriyadi - Male - Latin - Po River; Name of a constellation representing a river, Latin - Po River, Name of a constellation representing a river
Ekalinga - Male - Name of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva signifying him as the supreme God
Ekambaram - Male - Sky, Heaven, Lord of the Sky, One of the many names of Lord Shiva
Eatun - Male - An enclosure or settlement, An enclosure or settlement
Eggen - Male - Patronymic from Egge, meaning ridge or edge., Patronymic from Egge, meaning ridge or edge.
Einhard - Male - One who is stong like a sword, One who is stong like a sword
Elmena - Female - Lady with indimidating fame
Emelin - Female - this name means hard working.
Emersyn - Female - this means brave and powerful, someone who is a leader.
Ensley - Female - derived from a British palace in Nottinghamshire by the name of Annesley or Ann's meadow.
Eunice - Female - good victory.
Emran - Female - Progress, Achievement
Emel - Female - it means desire.
Esaiko - Male - a king of music., a king of music.
Evyamarut - Male - One who is under the protection of Martus, One who is under the protection of Martus
Edgars - Male - Latvia version of Edgar, meaning fortunate and powerful., Latvia version of Edgar, meaning fortunate and powerful.
Erconbert - Male - an old king of Kent., an old king of Kent.
Emsley - Female - a gift from god.
Edelmira - Female - Princess, one who is great and famous person
Elyenora - Female - this name means light.
Enedina - Female - soul or life.
Ermelinda - Female - soft, tender, whole and universal.
Estefani - Female - a feminized word meaning wealth or crown or honour.
Evangelica - Female - gospel or good news or tidings.
Ekodar - Male - Brother, Brother, An elderly person who is held with great regard and honour
Eadelmarr - Male - A person who is noble., A person who is noble.
Edgarton - Male - A prosperous warrior, A prosperous warrior
Edgerton - Male - A blessed town; posperous warrior, A blessed town, posperous warrior
Edus - Male - Owner of many spears, Owner of many spears
Eklinga - Male - A lovely and humble human being, A lovely and humble human being
Eleos - Male - One who can appreciate the beautiful nature, One who can appreciate the beautiful nature
Elgan - Male - One who is high minded and full of compassion, One who is high minded and full of compassion
Erikur - Male - A form of Eric, meaning peaceful ruler., A form of Eric, meaning peaceful ruler.
Ethelmar - Male - noble greatness., noble greatness.
Euclid - Male - glory; also a very famous mathematician., glory, also a very famous mathematician.
Eyvindur - Male - Lucky warrior., Lucky warrior.
Edelle - Female - A superior person, has excellent taste
Edna - Female - Rejuvenation, one who needs relaxation
Eilah - Female - Juniper tree, oak, one who lives forever
Eilene - Female - Hazelnut, a very strong guard
Emmanuelle - Female - French feminine word for the Messiah ultimately meaning god is with us.
Edadeha - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe;, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe,
Ekaanta - Male - Loneliness; Alone; Being on your own; Solitude; Seclusion, Loneliness, Alone, Being on your own, Solitude, Seclusion
Entolan - Male - My Friend; One of many names of Lord Shiva, My Friend, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ethiraj - Male - Lord Shiva, Supreme being, One of many names of Lord Shiva, Supreme Being
Elisainambi - Male - One who is confident and energetic, One who is confident and energetic
Egberk - Male - Bright sword, Bright sword
Eillic - Male - A defender of man; one who is a saviour, A defender of man, one who is a saviour
Eker - Male - A barren land; root strong, A barren land, root strong
Elliston - Male - The God is Jehovah, The God is Jehovah
Edelia - Female - One who is always young and fresh
Edena - Female - A delightful person, core, centre
Ejo - Female - A girl born on Monday.
Eashartek - Male - Gods support, Its means God's Suport.
Ekamranath - Male - Lord of the Sky; Lord of the Heaven; One of the many names of Lord Shiva, Lord of the Sky, Lord of the Heaven, One of the many names of Lord Shiva
Ekasarg - Male - Concentrated; Closely Attentive; Focussed; Firm; Determined;, Concentrated, Closely Attentive, Focussed, Firm, Determined,
Edgert - Male - Who has sharpness of a blade; border, Who has sharpness of a blade, border
Elvyn - Male - this name means magical being or elf friend., this name means magical being or elf friend.
Ezekial - Male - A name means "God strenghtens", A name means "God strenghtens"
Eabae - Female - A versatile and very creative person.
Elise - Female - They take God as their oath
Elvira - Female - this name means white.
Emelina - Female - someone who is extremely hard working or laborious is described using this name.
Endelyn - Female - Endelyn is origin of the name Gwendolyn. It means white or fair.
Enedelia - Female - nobility or a noble person.
Erica - Female - forever strong or ever queenly.
Ernesta - Female - a Spanish word meaning determined and serious.
Eslanda - Female - an Irish word for truth.
Ethelinde - Female - intelligent or noble serpent.
Ejaz - Male - Miracle, Wondrous nature, Astonishment and filled with miracle
Elavarasi - Female - Youthful, Princess
Ekiya - Male - Unity; Union; Joined; Combined, Unity, Union, Joined, Combined
Emree - Male - this name means an older brother or a loving friend., this name means an older brother or a loving friend.
Ekanga - Male - Bodyguard, Bodyguard, Guardian, Defender, Protector
Ekanai - Male - The one and only leader, The one and only leader
Edvinas - Male - A kind and rich friend, A kind and rich friend
Elewisa - Male - An intelligent and mindful person, An intelligent and mindful person
Elmoor - Male - One who resides in the Elm tree, One who resides in the Elm tree
Ettore - Male - someone steadfast., someone steadfast.
Ebanee - Female - In greek it means a black or dark timber.
Eilat - Female - A grove of tall trees, Pistacia tree
Elisabetta - Female - God is bountiful and helpful
Elliauna - Female - One who is born out of Sun
Emblyn - Female - originally derived from old German word amal which means hard work or labour.
Eve - Female - the first woman on earth.
Erland - Male - a leader., a leader.
Eswaraditya - Male - 
Ekajata - Male - One who has a single twisted lock of hair, One who has a single twisted lock of hair
Edgard - Male - A brave and strong spearman, A brave and strong spearman
Elmo - Male - One who acts like helmet and provides protection, One who acts like helmet and provides protection
Emeryk - Male - this name has the meaning work power., this name has the meaning work power.
Eadaion - Female - It means Friendship in German
Edwardine - Female - Wealthy defender, they are guarding the property
Engelise - Female - someone who transfers messages, a messenger.
Eunisia - Female - a Latin word meaning good victory.
Eallison - Female - The son of Alice
Ekaagra - Male - Focussed; One with lot of concentration; One-pointed; With One Attention;, Focussed, One with lot of concentration, One-pointed, With One Attention,
Ekansa - Male - Whole; Complete; Full; Entire; Absolute, Whole, Complete, Full, Entire, Absolute
Edrick - Male - Strong and healthy, Strong and healthy
Elphege - Male - A responsible and noble person, A responsible and noble person
Eorconbehrt - Male - a German word for a mounted stallion., a German word for a mounted stallion.
Evanam - Male - my prayer has been heard., my prayer has been heard.
Eadild - Female - A fortunate and precious person
Elyse - Female - this name means someone who is pledged to god.
Estefania - Female - a Spanish feminized word which has the ultimate meaning of honour or wealth or glory.
Euphrasia - Female - good cheer.
Eshmaal - Female - Bunch of red roses
Erum - Female - Daughter-in-law of Aditi, it means heaven.
Ekavali - Female - Single string, A majestic and precious neckpiece
Eshnaa - Female - Desire, it means someone who is a wish.
Elvarasu - Male - Son of King; Prince; Heir to throne, Son of King, Prince, Heir to throne
Esaki - Male - South india local God, South Indian Local God, A Tamil God, A variant spelling is Esakki
Ekatan - Male - Closely attentive, Concentrated, Closely Attentive, Focussed, Firm, Determined,
Elilarasu - Male - Handsome, King of beauty, Handsome, King of Beauty, Charming, Appealing, Attractive, Good Looking
Eadwacer - Male - Heaven-watcher; A person who is of expressive nature., Heaven-watcher, A person who is of expressive nature.
Eonan - Male - oath or little seal., oath or little seal.
Erembour - Female - a character from mythology who rides shadows., a character from mythology who rides shadows.
Earlena - Female - The name Earlena means a very noble women.
Ebota - Female - One who is a dark beauty
Eirin - Female - Irish woman, one who is dynamic and restless
Eleesha - Female - A shining and bright individual form of Helen
Elfin - Female - One who is the ruler of the Elves
Eliora - Female - They are the guiding light
Ellika - Female - One who cannot be defeated
Elsabeth - Female - this name means that god is a vow.
Emerlinda - Female - this name means the whole universe is soft or tender.
Esphyr - Female - it means stars.
Estelita - Female - bright sparkling stars.
Emon - Male - Ill starred
Ermina - Female - Friendly, a Latin word for noble.
Ekathva - Female - Oneness
Egypt - Female - A vast expand of land or fortress
Esmerae - Female - Name of Welsh king's daughter who was turned into a serpent by magicians.
Elash - Male - Shining; A Horse of the Sun; A Sage inscribed in Rig Veda; Name of sage who was helped by Indra against Surya, Shining, A Horse of the Sun, A Sage inscribed in Rig Veda, Name of sage who was helped by Indra against Surya
Ekachith - Male - With one mind, With One Mind, One who has only good thoughts
Eadwiella - Male - It means 'From the  Old Spring', It means 'From the  Old Spring'
Edelmarr - Male - One who is having a high rank, One who is having a high rank
Elisota - Male - Ellis's son; one who is a good warrior, Ellis's son, one who is a good warrior
Enando - Male - bold venture., bold venture.
Eberta - Female - Intelligent, Bright, Brilliant
Eevonne - Female - Yew, a coniferous tree which has red berry-like fruits
Enelise - Female - graced by god or bountiful.
Ebbani - Female - Fog, Honey dow, It means Fog or Dew Drops.
Ejder - Male - Dragon; one with a serious and thoughtful nature, Dragon, one with a serious and thoughtful nature
Erawat - Male - The celestial white elephant of Lord Indra; A variant spelling is Airawat, The celestial white elephant of Lord Indra, A variant spelling is Airawat
Ettan - Male - Breath, Breath, Life
Ekadyu - Male - Supreme Sky, Sky, Best, A scholar in the Rig Veda, Supreme Sky,
Ekanayaka - Male - Name of Lord Shiva; a sole leader, Name of Lord Shiva, a sole leader
Edgardo - Male - A wealthy man who is known for riches, A wealthy man who is known for riches
Elgin - Male - A white and noble person, A white and noble person
Eliarys - Female - They have got the amazing imaginative powers
Elinora - Female - They are emotional and full of sympathy
Emelye - Female - the meaning of this name is someone who is industrious and a leader.
Essence - Female - it means scent or odour.
Estelia - Female - star.
Etha - Female - noble or honourable in old English.
Etoile - Female - a French feminized word meaning star.
Eimam - Male - Chief
Ekshika - Female - The eye
Edgerin - Male - Wealthy spear or owner of many spears., Wealthy spear or owner of many spears.
Elaf - Male - Safety, or security, Safety, or security
Ed - Male - A prosperous or wealthy guard and provides protection, A prosperous or wealthy guard and provides protection
Edric - Male - Vigorous; Robust man, Vigorous, Robust man
Enabarri - Male - a birdhead is signified by this name., a birdhead is signified by this name.
Ethanael - Male - god has given me strength., god has given me strength.
Ezechiel - Male - The God made him stronger, The God made him stronger
Edithe - Female - One who is striving for wealth
Eromidola - Female - My thought has become wealth.
Esiree - Female - some one who is desired.
Europa - Female - Mother of Minos.
Elika - Female - Cardamom
Edhitha - Female - Progressed, Increased, The one who is prosperous and lovely
Eashar - Male - A very Godly person., A very Godly person.
Ejlaal - Male - To honor, To exalt, To honor, To exalt
Ekaatmaa - Male - Oneself; Alone; Being on your own; Solitude; Seclusion, Oneself, Alone, Being on your own, Solitude, Seclusion
Ekahans - Male - Soul; Life Line; Strength of Life; The Only Swan; A bird used by Goddess Saraswathi, Soul, Life Line, Strength of Life, The Only Swan, A bird used by Goddess Saraswathi
Ekamber - Male - Lord of the Sky; Lord of the Heaven; One of the many names of Lord Shiva, Lord of the Sky, Lord of the Heaven, One of the many names of Lord Shiva
Ekaling - Male - Name of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva signifying him as the supreme God
Ezelea - Female - A woman who looks like flower
Egric - Male - One who is eternal and self loving, One who is eternal and self loving
Einhardt - Male - One who is as strong as a sword; powerful, One who is as strong as a sword, powerful
Eri - Male - a poetic name for Ireland., a poetic name for Ireland.
Eardley - Female - A habitational name, clearing
Eastra - Female - Derived from Greek word Astra which means 'Star'
Eiley - Female - Juniper tree, Hazelnut which is free detailed
Elberthina - Female - A bright and famous person
Ella - Female - One who is a beautiful fairy, one who enjoys life
Elouise - Female - Variant of Eloise, powerful warrior
Esmerelda - Female - a feminized Spanish word which means the emerald jewel.
Ekaatma - Male - Oneself; Alone; Being on your own; Solitude; Seclusion, Oneself, Alone, Being on your own, Solitude, Seclusion
Ekatal - Male - Rhythmic; A Single Beat; Musical Harmony; One raga;, Rhythmic, A Single Beat, Musical Harmony, One raga,
Ekadanthan - Male - Lord ganapathy
Elesh - Male - King, Ruler, Emperor, Leader, Chief
Eatton - Male - Derived from the word eaton it means island settlement., Derived from the word eaton it means island settlement.
Ediltrudis - Male - A strong and gracious person who is majestic, A strong and gracious person who is majestic
Erp - Male - Name of Meldun's son., Name of Meldun's son.
Ewin - Male - He who is born of the yew tree, He who is born of the yew tree
Editha - Female - Blessed to be successful person or individual
Eile - Female - A famous mythological irish queen, practical one
Eirini - Female - Peaceful and humble natured person
Ellenora - Female - One who is from a foreign land, sun ray, God is light
Ellesa - Female - One who came from Alyssum flower
Everallin - Female - a 3rd century historic figure.
Everita - Female - a feminized word meaning strong and sturdy.
Egappan - Male - King of Charity; One of many names of Lord Shiva, King of Charity, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Edwen - Male - Rich in friendship; a blessed friend, Rich in friendship, a blessed friend
Eegan - Male - Mighty and powerful person, Mighty and powerful person
Elaputra - Male - One who has a bright future ahead, One who has a bright future ahead
Edony - Female - Nordic Goddess of immorality
Elenora - Female - Bright light, thoughtful person
Elianna - Female - They are the daughters of the Sun
Elisheva - Female - They have taken God as an oath
Ellowyn - Female - One who is the source of creation
Emaline - Female - this name means laborious or eager or peaceful home.
Eris - Female - Greek goddess of chaos and strife and discord.
Euphemia - Female - auspicious speech or good repute.
Evedene - Female - a name which means a juniper tree or good luck,
Evlin - Female - A youthful woman
Evolet - Female - A combination of names Eve-living and Violet - color purple
Emarie - Female - this name means someone who is faithful.
Esah - Female - Alive
Eshwari - Female - supreme goddess or most powerful.
Eleyaraj - Male - King of the Earth; Prince; Heir to throne; Son of King; A variant of name Illayaraja, King of the Earth, Prince, Heir to throne, Son of King, A variant of name Illayaraja
Elluchami - Male - Tamil equivalent of Sesame Seed which is considered Sacred, Tamil equivalent of Sesame Seed which is considered Sacred
Elais - Male - Yahweh is life giving, Yahweh is life giving
Erl - Male - a warrior or nobleman., a warrior or nobleman.
Ese - Male - a Frisian word meaning god., a Frisian word meaning god.
Etrit - Male - a bright sparkling radiant star., a bright sparkling radiant star.
Edhita - Female - A happy natured person who is in love
Edusa - Female - Goddess of children
Elenitsa - Female - A practical person, light
Elmyra - Female - An imaginative and idealistic person, noble
Els - Female - One who loves to experiment
Emilija - Female - a rival or emulating.
Emmeline - Female - a German word meaning desire to work hard and be industrious.
Errolyn - Female - a feminized word meaning someone who commands an army.
Effia - Female - A girl born on Friday
Elavali - Female - Earth, Princess of the land,
Enyonyam - Female - It is good for me
Esi - Female - One who is born on Sunday.
Eeraja - Male - Herb, Herb
Eleyaraja - Male - Young Prince; Heir to throne; Son of King; A variant of name Illayaraja, Young Prince, Heir to throne, Son of King, A variant of name Illayaraja
Elisaiyan - Male - One who is the master of music, One who is the master of music
Eyal - Male - To have strenght and might, To have strenght and might
Eckhart - Male - To keep on point that is able to cut or pierce, To keep on point that is able to cut or pierce
Efe - Male - Older brother; one who has massive strength and love, Older brother, one who has massive strength and love
Erion - Male - the wind from Ion sea., the wind from Ion sea.
Eriifeoluwa - Female - The evidence of God's love.
Eadlyn - Female - A healthy and wealthy friend
Eilyssi - Female - A hardworking individual
Elayna - Female - One who is the shining bright light
Engelbertha - Female - bright as an angel.
Enricua - Female - Female form of Enrique, meaning all powerful ruler.
Eoduin - Female - a famous character from a novel, the darkangel trilogy.
Ethelene - Female - somebody honourable and noble.
Eulalie - Female - a French word meaning sweet spoken.
Ekjot - Male - God is one, God is one single being
Eemaan - Male - God is with us, God is with us
Elazar - Male - Hebrew - God is Help; God is my helper; God has helped; A variant of name Eliezer, Hebrew - God is Help, God is my helper, God has helped, A variant of name Eliezer
Ethibal - Male - noble talk., noble talk.
Eadbeald - Male - A heavenly light, A heavenly light
Eadwin - Male - It means a person who is a blessed friend and valued for in the society., It means a person who is a blessed friend and valued for in the society.
Elya - Male - this name means that lord is my god., this name means that lord is my god.
Engelbert - Male - a famous 13th century archbishop., a famous 13th century archbishop.
Everhart - Male - a Gaelic word which means as brave as a boar., a Gaelic word which means as brave as a boar.
Eglantine - Female - Wild rose,Botanical name
Elbertine - Female - A noble and glorious person
Ellin - Female - The soothing ray of Sun, foreign element
Elvia - Female - this name means noble and faithful or elf.
Encarnacion - Female - reference to the incarnation.
Endellion - Female - fire or soul.
Enfys - Female - rainbow.
Engelisa - Female - a messenger.
Engleberta - Female - A bright angel
Eowyn - Female - she was a shieldmaiden and relative of King Theoden.
Erva - Female - a Finnish word meaning the hay grown after harvesting.
Ekatara - Female - One string instrument
Eralia - Female - A woman who is well spoken.
Ethelinda - Female - Noble serpent
Eswary - Female - a feminized Indian name which means Parvati or wife of Lord Shiva.
Ettaleen - Male - So much absorbed
Entilak - Male - Marked; Noticeable; One of many names referring to Moon, Marked, Noticeable, One of many names referring to Moon
Enver - Male - it means bright., it means bright.
Eravant - Male - Son of Arjuna and Uloopi; A variant spelling is Eravanth, Son of Arjuna and Uloopi, A variant spelling is Eravanth
Ekaraj - Male - Emperor, Emperor, Ruler, King, Leader, Chief
Easwar - Male - The Lord
Eliass - Male - Yahwh is the Lord almighty, Yahwh is the Lord almighty
Eugene - Male - a Greek word meaning high born or noble by birth., a Greek word meaning high born or noble by birth.
Eavan - Female - It means 'Beauty'
Edida - Female - A joyous and prosperous worker
Elisedd - Female - One who is the provider of satisfaction, an oath
Elorah - Female - God has given the Laurel, god helps
Elysia - Female - this name means blissful.
Emmalina - Female - something that is all contaning or universal.
Esmerie - Female - a French word meaning emerald.
Evandra - Female - powerful woman.
Evyenia - Female - One who is born in a good family
Ekuwa - Female - One who is born on Wednesday.
Elamurugu - Male - Youthful; Young Looking; Juvenile; One of many names of Lord Muruga in his young form, Youthful, Young Looking, Juvenile, One of many names of Lord Muruga in his young form
Emre - Male - a friend who is loving or an older brother., a friend who is loving or an older brother.
Eeswar - Male - Powerful, The supreme God, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ea - Male - Fire,A person on whom others can rely on., Fire,A person on whom others can rely on.
Ealdwine - Male - One who is a true old friend, One who is a true old friend
Ebenezer - Male - Stone of help in hebrew., Stone of help in hebrew.
Ehecatl - Male - The wind serpent., The wind serpent.
Elta - Male - this means that the lord is my god., this means that the lord is my god.
Esperaunce - Male - to dream or to hope., to dream or to hope.
Ebeta - Female - It means Oath of God.
Emela - Female - Hope or inspiration.
Enid - Female - it means spirit.
Enora - Female - this name means honour.
Eun Ae - Female - Grace with love
Evuska - Female - Alive or living
Easharveer - Male - Gods warrior, It means God's warrior.
Earon - Male - From the River Town, From the River Town
Eerav - Male - Faith; Trust; Belief, Faith, Trust, Belief
Elsueki - Male - this means god is my love., this means god is my love.
Elvedin - Male - Benevolence of faith or gift., Benevolence of faith or gift.
Erdelan - Male - A royal family, A royal family
Esh - Male - God, Lord Vishnu, Divine, Master of the universe, Ruler, Virile, Pious, Compelling virile, Fast, Avestan wish, God, Supreme Being, Lord, Master
Ekacuda - Male - A single crested being, A single crested being
Eliott - Male - Jehovah is the God; loving and caring, Jehovah is the God, loving and caring
Elochukwu - Male - God's will, God's will
Elov - Male - Ever-heir or successor., Ever-heir or successor.
Eorconbeald - Male - a mounted stallion., a mounted stallion.
Erardo - Male - brave and honourable., brave and honourable.
Eugeniusz - Male - a Polish word meaning high born or nobility., a Polish word meaning high born or nobility.
Eulalio - Male - a Greek word meaning sweetly spoken or soft spoken., a Greek word meaning sweetly spoken or soft spoken.
Edeua - Female - One who is born to live and prosper
Eliya - Female - One who serves others, Lord is the God
Emeline - Female - a peaceful home or an industrious person.
Erizelda - Female - a battle maiden.
Estelle - Female - illuminating bright sparkling stars in the sky.
Estere - Female - A form of Esther, meaning star.
Elampirai - Female - Young crescent, The young Crescent
Engy - Female - a beautiful queen.
Ennata - Female - Goddess
Eeren - Male - Lovable and caring person
Ekbir - Male - Only brave, The one who is the only brave person
Eehith - Male - A rich, powerful and compassionate person, A rich, powerful and compassionate person
Ekantin - Male - Devoted to One Object; A name for the follower of Lord Vishnu, Devoted to One Object, A name for the follower of Lord Vishnu
Elias - Male - Name of one prophet, God is God, One who believes Yahweh is the Lord
Ekagrah - Male - Focused, Focused, Firm, Decisive, Persistent, Resolute, One who has strong determination,
Ernesh - Male - Sincere, Battle to the death, Sincere, Battle to the death, Determined, Honest
Ecghere - Male - One who is clever and makes decisions at right time, One who is clever and makes decisions at right time
Eddie - Male - One who is rich in friendship; wealthy protector, One who is rich in friendship, wealthy protector
Egerton - Male - Prosperous warrior; name of a place, Prosperous warrior, name of a place
Einan - Male - One with very pretty Eyes, One with very pretty Eyes
Eladio - Male - One who came from Greece, One who came from Greece
Elwynn - Male - this name means a wise friend or magical fair white being, this name means a wise friend or magical fair white being
Emmerich - Male - it means powerful and rich., it means powerful and rich.
Estevo - Male - Brazilian form of Steve, meaning crown., Brazilian form of Steve, meaning crown.
Edden - Female - Delight, joy, One who has great ambition and strength
Edie - Female - Bringing wealth and success from the war
Edria - Female - Possesive of great power and strength,Mighty
Eilis - Female - God is my Oath, one who is a devoted person
Eleanore - Female - The bright and shining light
Elivia - Female - A fertile Olive tree
Ellfreda - Female - One who is very powerful, an Elf
Emeria - Female - it means someone who is from the north with great beauty and honour.
Engeleis - Female - Slovenian form of the word angel.
Erensia - Female - Heritage
Eyre - Female - One who lives at the gravel bank river
Eenakshi - Female - A doe eyed woman.
Etapatra - Female - dappled leaves.
Eeksha - Male - Seeing; Looking; Visting; One who is seeking, Seeing, Looking, Visting, One who is seeking
Eepsu - Male - Starving to obtain; Wishing to have, Starving to obtain, Wishing to have
Elil - Male - Handsome, Handsome, Charming, Appealing, Attractive, Good Looking
Ekadant - Male - Single tusked Lord, Lord Ganesh, Single-tusked Lord, One of the many names of Lord Ganesh
Ealdfrith - Male - A serious minded and stable person, A serious minded and stable person
Eldritch - Male - Old and insightful person, Old and insightful person
Elkan - Male - A beautiful creation by God, A beautiful creation by God
Ellias - Male - Yahweh is the God, Yahweh is the God
Emmanouil - Male - a Greek word for hard work., a Greek word for hard work.
Enabarr - Male - this name means birdhead., this name means birdhead.
Esbjorn - Male - Bear of the gods., Bear of the gods.
Eadwynn - Female - It means 'Rich Friend' .
Ealhburg - Female - A lonely, bright and wonderful being
Ebba - Female - It means strong .
Elfredah - Female - A wise counselor of the Elves
Elica - Female - A noble person, they are filled with gratitude
Elizabete - Female - Latvian form of Elizabeth. It means my God is abundance, my God has sworn.
Emili - Female - this name has a meaning laborious or eager.
Enide - Female - fair or spirit.
Enya - Female - it means fire.
Epa - Female - An offering to the god.
Erie - Female - somebody who belongs to Ireland.
Esabell - Female - somebody who has been devoted to god.
Etelvina - Female - a noble friend.
Emene - Female - Don't do harm, Do not hurt
Erjot - Female - a new beginning.
Eztli - Female - Aztec name meaning "Blood"
Ekroop - Male - One appearance, One beauteous form, The one who is beautiful, one appearance
Ehab - Male - Gift or gifting someone, Gift or gifting someone
Ekayastika - Male - A Single String of Pearls, A Single String of Pearls
Elavarasan - Male - Prince, Son of King, Prince, Heir to throne
Echezonanna - Male - Don't forget your God and your father., Don't forget your God and your father.
Edmark - Male - The very famous tragedy, The very famous tragedy
Eduardo - Male - The holder of rich property, The holder of rich property
Elimelech - Male - God is the ultimate King, God is the ultimate King
Engelram - Male - an extremely pure soul or an angel., an extremely pure soul or an angel.
Eorconweald - Male - an Anglo-Saxon word for a mounted stallion., an Anglo-Saxon word for a mounted stallion.
Erchanhardt - Male - a German word meaning sacred and pious., a German word meaning sacred and pious.
Erryn - Male - it means exalted or strong., it means exalted or strong.
Estember - Male - a Spanish word relating to stars., a Spanish word relating to stars.
Eulyses - Male - wrathful or hater., wrathful or hater.
Ebonie - Female - It means Black Wood and also Beautiful person.
Eileue - Female - A likable person who loves to travel
Elka - Female - Where God is a vow, God s taken as a oath
Elspeth - Female - this is the Scottish form of the name Elizabeth which means god is my oath or chosen by god.
Elveva - Female - the meaning of this name is elfin or elf leader.
Em - Female - this name means someone who is hardworking.
Ena - Female - someone who is passionate and graceful.
Eriella - Female - a Spanish word for lioness of god.
Ekayaa - Female - One
Ekantpreet - Male - Love for solitude, One who loves solitude
Esharveer - Male - Gods warrior, Victorious almighty God, God's Warrior, One who is defender of God, Protector of God, Fights for God
Esharbir - Male - Gods warrior, Victorious almighty God, Brave as god.
Ekakasa - Male - Focused; Firm; Decisive; Persistent; Resolute; One who has strong determination;, Focused, Firm, Decisive, Persistent, Resolute, One who has strong determination,
Ekkuntal - Male - Another name of Balaram, Another name of Balaram
Ekodara - Male - A sister born out of the same womb, A sister born out of the same womb
Elango - Male - Prince, Author of Tamil masterpiece silappadhikaram, Name of a Chera Prince who is author of Tamil Masterpiece Silappadhikara, A variant of name Illango
Edek - Male - A guardian of property; owner of many spears, A guardian of property, owner of many spears
Eloi - Male - The one who has a restless and brave spirit, The one who has a restless and brave spirit
Eluret - Male - this means someone of royal origin, this means someone of royal origin
Engelard - Male - brave and illuminating like light., brave and illuminating like light.
Eorcna - Male - someone who rides a stallion., someone who rides a stallion.
Esca - Male - someone who feels strongly for nature., someone who feels strongly for nature.
Ewald - Male - One who follows customs and rules, One who follows customs and rules
Esmae - Female - French word meaning respected., French word meaning respected.
Eanswitha - Female - An amusing, forward and high honoured individual
Eda - Female - A wealthy guardian angel who is well mannered, to strive for wealth
Elueua - Female - this means someone who is mentioned in the old biblical testament with a lot of grace.
Emmelia - Female - it means harmonious or trying to excel.
Emmlyn - Female - someone who works really hard.
Evalyn - Female - a feminized name which means life or to live.
Everlynn - Female - strong or sturdy like a wild boar.
Evgeniya - Female - A woman who is good by burth
Evia - Female - She is breathing and living
Eswari - Female - Goddess (Wife of Lord Shiva), wife of lord Shiva, a name used in India.
Ettie - Female - a word which means a star or bride or myrtle.
Ervad - Male - Religious Teacher; Spiritual Leader;, Religious Teacher, Spiritual Leader,
Eaton - Male - It means a riverside village., It means a riverside village.
Ecgbald - Male - A brave friend; they are clever minded, A brave friend, they are clever minded
Edern - Male - The legendary son of Nudd, The legendary son of Nudd
Edrich - Male - Full of energy, Full of energy
Edwyn - Male - Valued friend; one who is happy and wealthy, Valued friend, one who is happy and wealthy
Eian - Male - God is gracious; Scottish form of john, God is gracious, Scottish form of john
Ernest - Male - somebody who is determined and serious., somebody who is determined and serious.
Eagle - Female - Educated and noble person, attentive
Eilliva - Female - Independent, noble and faithful being
Eimen - Female - A protector, wealthy one with confidence
Ekatarina - Female - They are famous people and happy beings
Elitsa - Female - A trusted individual, a Fir tree
Elizabetha - Female - God is a satisfaction provider
Elsi - Female - this means my god is a vow.
Elynn - Female - this means light or most beautiful woman.
Emer - Female - this means someone who has been blessed by the six gifts of womanhood.
Emmelina - Female - a desire to emulate success and excel in life.
Enrica - Female - a ruler of her house.
Eorma - Female - a nobleman's daughter.
Essie - Female - a Latin word meaning star.
Etta - Female - a German word meaning the little one.
Eularia - Female - somebody who is very soft spoken or speaks very sweetly.
Everley - Female - a German word for someone who is brave and sturdy like a boar.
Evianna - Female - A breathing and living girl
Ekbal - Male - Dignity, One who has success kissing his feet
Ebadaah - Male - Prayer to Allah, It means Prayer to Allah
Eash - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Edhatu - Male - Born of Wood; Fire; Happiness; Delight; Joyful, Born of Wood, Fire, Happiness, Delight, Joyful
Enyinnaya - Male - His father's friend., His father's friend.
Eravanth - Male - Son of Arjuna and Uloopi; A variant spelling is Eravant, Son of Arjuna and Uloopi, A variant spelling is Eravant
Ezaz - Male - A man to whom honour comes first, A man to whom honour comes first
Eeshwar - Male - Powerful, The supreme God, God, Supreme Being, The Almighty
Early - Male - It means 'Noble Leader'., It means 'Noble Leader'.
Elliott - Male - Jehovah is the powerful God, Jehovah is the powerful God
Emerico - Male - The power of work., The power of work.
Emileigh - Male - this name means somebody who is trying to excel or equal a rival., this name means somebody who is trying to excel or equal a rival.
Emps - Male - derived from the word emperor this name means a commander., derived from the word emperor this name means a commander.
Enan - Male - cloud., cloud.
Enric - Male - it means head of the household., it means head of the household.
Eofor - Male - a boar in Old English., a boar in Old English.
Ern - Male - serious, determined, earnestness and vigour., serious, determined, earnestness and vigour.
Essien - Male - a name used for a sixth born child., a name used for a sixth born child.
Ethelard - Male - a German mascuilinized word which means noble., a German mascuilinized word which means noble.
Eugenie - Male - novility or high born individual., novility or high born individual.
Eustacio - Male - healthy and strong or good harvest or fruitful., healthy and strong or good harvest or fruitful.
Eboney - Female - Its derived from the Egyptian word ebony meaning is Black.
Edhiva - Female - A happy song which is very sweet
Egberthe - Female - A brilliant sword which is unique
Ekaterini - Female - Each one of the two, famous rulers
Eleanor - Female - One with bright and shining personality
Elephteria - Female - One who loves freedom and liberty
Emony - Female - faith or believe or reliance.
Ermegarde - Female - a feminized word meaning whole or universal or complete.
Eugena - Female - a feminized name meaning well born or noble.
Eurydice - Female - Wife of Orpheus.
Eveneet - Female - 
Echamati - Female - A fresh stream of water
Elandra - Female - Home by the Sea, God is my Oath, God is perfection
Eitzaz - Male - Name of a Prophet;, Name of a Prophet,
Ekad - Male - The First One, The First One
Ekrama - Male - Regard; Honour; One who is held with great respect; One of many names of Lord Ram, Regard, Honour, One who is held with great respect, One of many names of Lord Ram
Eldar - Male - One who is born to fight with fire, One who is born to fight with fire
Enes - Male - He who is sociable., He who is sociable.
Eswara - Male - God; Supreme Being; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eswar - Male - Lord Shiva, God, Supreme being, Personal God, Or special self, God, Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eknath - Male - Poet, Saint, Poet, Saint, Sage, Spiritual Leader
Ekadantha - Male - Lord Ganesha; one with a single tooth, Lord Ganesha, one with a single tooth
Edina - Male - A lovely and prosperous friend; they are good people, A lovely and prosperous friend, they are good people
Emeri - Male - this is a name for someone who is thought to have brave powers., this is a name for someone who is thought to have brave powers.
Essex - Male - an ancient king from Shakespearen legend., an ancient king from Shakespearen legend.
Eustacius - Male - good or well fruitful., good or well fruitful.
Evaleen - Female - a form of life.
Eelin - Female - They are the warrior of intelligence
Eeva - Female - A life giving person
Eidith - Female - Rich or blessed, the one who is secure
Eik - Female - One who gives laughter, strong as a Oak tree
Eileve - Female - One who believes in God
Eina - Female - A guardian of properity, beautiful eyes
Elanna - Female - The star sun, majestic being
Electra - Female - Mythological daughter, has power of Sun
Elidia - Female - A little winged. strong and majestic person
Elota - Female - One who wears the crown of victory
Eloxochitl - Female - The magnolia flower.
Ember - Female - the meaning of this name is coal that is burnt.
Enfleda - Female - the mother of a great saint.
Ester - Female - a Hebrew word meaning star.
Ethill - Female - a German word meaning noble.
Euna - Female - lamb or hunger.
Easharjeet - Male - Gods victory, It means God's Victory
Eesaa - Male - Providing salvation; prophet's name, Providing salvation, prophet's name
Ekagr - Male - Focused; Firm; One who has complete concentration; Poised; Peaceful; Stable;, Focused, Firm, One who has complete concentration, Poised, Peaceful, Stable,
Ekath - Male - One Soul; One Inner Heart; Single Spirit, One Soul, One Inner Heart, Single Spirit
Elilendhi - Male - Handsome; Charming; Appealing; Attractive; Good Looking, Handsome, Charming, Appealing, Attractive, Good Looking
Esam - Male - Arabic - Safeguard; A variant spelling is Essam; Connection; Bond; Promise, Arabic - Safeguard, A variant spelling is Essam, Connection, Bond, Promise
Eshkol - Male - Hebrew - Cluster of Grapes; Derivatives of Eshkol include the names Eshckol, Eshkole, and Eshkoll., Hebrew - Cluster of Grapes, Derivatives of Eshkol include the names Eshckol, Eshkole, and Eshkoll.
Ekaraja - Male - One who is the sole monarch, One who is the sole monarch
Elewa - Male - They are exciting and determined, They are exciting and determined
Ellar - Male - A stable and loving individual; Monastey's steward, A stable and loving individual, Monastey's steward
Ellary - Male - Elder tree; one who is native of the tree, Elder tree, one who is native of the tree
Emerik - Male - Work-power, Work-power
Emond - Male - this means someone who is the protector., this means someone who is the protector.
Enoch - Male - it means dedicated., it means dedicated.
Eorland - Male - a noblemen's land., a noblemen's land.
Estienne - Male - a French word meaning star or crowned., a French word meaning star or crowned.
Evgen - Male - One who was born good, One who was born good
Eadda - Female - It means Wealthy.
Eawa - Female - It means 'Life' in Hebrew
Efigenia - Female - The one who is born to be strong
Ellea - Female - One who is foreign and is true to all
Embeth - Female - this name is a combination of two names emma and beth
Emele - Female - it means someone who is industrious or can be admired.
Emeraude - Female - French word for emerald.
Emilly - Female - dilligent and hard working.
Emmylou - Female - this name is a combination of two names - emmy and lou, which means a famous warrior.
Ethel - Female - a German feminized word meaning noble.
Eternity - Female - infinity or forever.
Everle - Female - from the boar's meadow.
Easharpreet - Male - Lover of God, It means Lover of God.
Eesaanan - Male - Evolved; Grown; Developed; Advanced, Evolved, Grown, Developed, Advanced
Eeshtva - Male - Supremacy; One who is the most supreme power, Supremacy, One who is the most supreme power
Ekachit - Male - One who is with the mind, One who is with the mind
Ekrem - Male - Regard; Honour; One who is held with great respect; One of many names of Lord Ram, Regard, Honour, One who is held with great respect, One of many names of Lord Ram
Erach - Male - Noble; Name of youngest son of King Farridoon; Belonging to Iran;, Noble, Name of youngest son of King Farridoon, Belonging to Iran,
Eyjolf - Male - The one who was killed by Kari., The one who was killed by Kari.
Elumalai - Male - Lord venkateswara, Lord of seven hills, Lord of Seven Hills, Lord Venkateshwara, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Eadulf - Male - A person who has an intense desire to serve others and be the helping hand in the society., A person who has an intense desire to serve others and be the helping hand in the society.
Ednowain - Male - A well born person (brought up), A well born person (brought up)
Eki - Male - They are the one who change time, They are the one who change time
Elhanan - Male - God is very good and is gracious, God is very good and is gracious
Eligio - Male - A very private yet interesting person, A very private yet interesting person
Elizeus - Male - One who can seek and understand truth, One who can seek and understand truth
Emmit - Male - it means the entirety or the universe., it means the entirety or the universe.
Emeril - Male - a powerful leader is often denoted by this name., a powerful leader is often denoted by this name.
Ernoldus - Male - eagle ruler or strong as an eagle., eagle ruler or strong as an eagle.
Ervine - Male - a beautiful friend., a beautiful friend.
Esten - Male - eastern town or island., eastern town or island.
Evgeni - Male - He who was born good, He who was born good
Ewen - Male - One who is of the yew tree, One who is of the yew tree
Ede - Female - A noble and kind hearted individual
Edeltrud - Female - The one who has massive superior strength
Ediet - Female - One who is known to bring success in every area
Edon - Female - Loved and independent being
Edytha - Female - A neat and wealthy present
Eilika - Female - Sword tip, a serious minded and diplomatic person
Eleena - Female - The one who shines even during darkness
Elinah - Female - Shining light
Elodia - Female - One who is prospeous and rich
Emota - Female - born at easter.
Epona - Female - someone who protects horses.
Erisa - Female - a goddess from Greek mythoology primarily concerned with discord and strife.
Etiennette - Female - French feminized form of the word Stephen meaning crown.
Eydra - Female - A woman of greath wealth and power
Eiiad - Male - Memory of the tribe
Eilnaz - Male - Most beautiful
Esmail - Male - a name used for prophets mentioned in Quranic verses.
Easmatara - Female - Unknown, Unknown.
Emmita - Female - Sweet mother
Ettra - Female - a queen of beauty.
Ekankar - Male - Only one creator
Ekeshwar - Male - The Supreme Being; Primal God of all; Sole Lord; Ultimate Power, The Supreme Being, Primal God of all, Sole Lord, Ultimate Power
Ekayasti - Male - One who is from the strings of pearl, One who is from the strings of pearl
Engunan - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ergin - Male - ripe, matured or seasoned., ripe, matured or seasoned.
Etizaaz - Male - To become mighty, to become honored., To become mighty, to become honored.
Ekajyotis - Male - The one and only night, The one and only night
Eaduin - Male - An idealistic,prosperous and inspirational person., An idealistic,prosperous and inspirational person.
Eagan - Male - it means 'Son of Fire' in Irish., it means 'Son of Fire' in Irish.
Edel - Male - The noble one who is also brave hearted, The noble one who is also brave hearted
Edin - Male - Delightful and lovely individual, Delightful and lovely individual
Eiel - Male - one who is born to inspire fright, one who is born to inspire fright
Eliezor - Male - One who asks God for help, One who asks God for help
Emeka - Male - in Igbo this name means great deeds or god has done a lot., in Igbo this name means great deeds or god has done a lot.
Everardo - Male - brave or hardy., brave or hardy.
Ensio - Male - it means first., it means first.
Eoforwic - Male - someone from the bear state., someone from the bear state.
Esmay - Male - esteemed or to love., esteemed or to love.
Essery - Male - a cart maker., a cart maker.
Ethelwyn - Male - a word which means a noble friend in Anglo-Saxon., a word which means a noble friend in Anglo-Saxon.
Eudelme - Male - a grove of yew trees., a grove of yew trees.
Evans - Male - god is good., god is good.
Everest - Male - the tallest mountain in the whole world., the tallest mountain in the whole world.
Elton - Female - this name means someone who is god's fighter., this name means someone who is god's fighter.
Eadida - Female - A reserved nature person.
Eama - Female - One who comprises of the whole universe
Earlene - Female - Noble Women, It means shield in spanish.
Ebony - Female - A person who is beautiful both from inside and outside.
Eivet - Female - A large creek or a river
Elesha - Female - God of salvation, truth loving
Eletha - Female - A gracious person who is very much lovable
Elewys - Female - The one who is the most beautiful of all
Elfreeda - Female - One who has the power of an Elf
Elia - Female - They have a feeling good feeling about the lord
Ellenore - Female - A foreign individual, versatile and creative
Elswyth - Female - this means elf from the willow trees.
Emmie - Female - qualities like delicate, soft and friendly.
Engelieth - Female - a battle.
Eoforhild - Female - a battle of boars.
Ethelda - Female - a teutonic word meaning wise advisor.
Evalyse - Female - a combination of two names eva and elyse.
Evlyn - Female - A woman who is youthful in looks and spirits
Ekagratha - Female - Focus
Egred - Male - A sweet singing bird, A sweet singing bird
Ellappan - Male - One of many names of Lord Mahavishnu, One of many names of Lord Mahavishnu
Egaiarasu - Male - King of charity, King of Charity, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Edd - Male - A royal; prosperous; guardian of wealth, A royal, prosperous, guardian of wealth
Edolf - Male - One who is of  Good nature and responsible, One who is of  Good nature and responsible
Elolo - Male - God is great, God is great
Elon - Male - God loves the individual, God loves the individual
Elzi - Male - this means someone from Elli's estate or wealthy nobleman., this means someone from Elli's estate or wealthy nobleman.
Emeric - Male - this name means a born leader., this name means a born leader.
Emmitt - Male - the whole universe in its entirety., the whole universe in its entirety.
Eoppa - Male - a royal prince., a royal prince.
Erec - Male - always mighty., always mighty.
Erroll - Male - someone who commands an army., someone who commands an army.
Etterni - Male - a masculinized name which means lover., a masculinized name which means lover.
Eugenius - Male - a Greek name meaning well born or high born or nobility., a Greek name meaning well born or high born or nobility.
Evander - Male - good man., good man.
Eadburg - Female - Ead means 'Fortune' and burg means 'Fortress'.
Earwyna - Female - A friend of sea
Edonia - Female - Of high standards, Wealthy ruler
Eleana - Female - The lucky daughter of Sun
Elefteria - Female - Honorable, one who provides salvation
Elfrieda - Female - Strong as an Elf
Ellamae - Female - A combination name, one who is true to all
Ellfrieda - Female - A magical and powerful counsel
Ellie - Female - God is the guiding light
Ericka - Female - a feminized form of the name Erick meaning ruler of people.
Ernesha - Female - someone who is serious and determined.
Estee - Female - a French word meaning star.
Estela - Female - a Spanish word for stars in the sky.
Eufemmia - Female - good omen.
Eufrozina - Female - mirth or merriment.
Eula - Female - good speaking or wealthy or gem of the sea or sacred red
Evanesca - Female - an event that fades away.
Everleigh - Female - a German word meaning someone from the meadow of boars.
Ekram - Male - Honor, Regard, Honour, One who is held with great respect, One of many names of Lord Ram
Enamul - Male - Prosperity, prosperity.
Elili - Female - Beautiful, A beautiful creature
Ednita - Female - Evolved, Developed, Evolved
Elaine - Female - The one who is a legend
Eashardeep - Male - Godly light, It means Godly Light.
Ebhaleleme - Male - A term meaning 'you won't follow my lead'., A term meaning 'you won't follow my lead'.
Ekesa - Male - A sole and majestic God, A sole and majestic God
Elysium - Male - The place where heroes in Greek mythology go when they die., The place where heroes in Greek mythology go when they die.
Erisudar - Male - it means intelligent., it means intelligent.
Elayaraja - Male - King of the Earth, Prince, Heir to throne, Son of King, A variant of name Illayaraja
Eabba - Male - It is derived from the hebrew word abba which means 'Father', It is derived from the hebrew word abba which means 'Father'
Edwy - Male - Name of a king; one who is brave hearted, Name of a king, one who is brave hearted
Eitan - Male - One who is steady and very bold, One who is steady and very bold
Elcanah - Male - One who is created by God, One who is created by God
Elder - Male - One who has deep connection with the God, One who has deep connection with the God
Elio - Male - One who has the power of Sun, One who has the power of Sun
Elsinger - Male - Probably a derivative of Elsing., Probably a derivative of Elsing.
Emeterio - Male - this name means someone who deserves unending affection., this name means someone who deserves unending affection.
Emmota - Male - this is a name which signifies someone who is strong and extremely powerful., this is a name which signifies someone who is strong and extremely powerful.
Enyon - Male - The name is derived from Latin name Annianus. It means belonging to the gens of Annius., The name is derived from Latin name Annianus. It means belonging to the gens of Annius.
Erik - Male - a ruler of the world., a ruler of the world.
Ethilfrith - Male - an old archaic word meaning noble talk., an old archaic word meaning noble talk.
Eugered - Male - a German word meaning nobility or high born., a German word meaning nobility or high born.
Earley - Female - It means eagle wood., It means eagle wood.
Ehlii - Female - A noble and brave hearted person, A noble and brave hearted person
Eadita - Female - Amusing and diligent person
Earla - Female - It means a noble warrior.
Edelot - Female - A reputed, intelligent and ethical being
Edeltraud - Female - One who is born of noble and hard
Eir - Female - Name of the goddess of healing.
Eirlys - Female - A unique and beautiful snow drop
Elenore - Female - One who is filled with light and bright
Elezabeth - Female - A god who provides satisfaction
Ellfrydah - Female - One who has massive power and strength
Ellinore - Female - One who considers Jehovah as God
Elsha - Female - this means noble by birth.
Eluiua - Female - this means god is my helper.
Eluiue - Female - this means a graceful person.
Elyanna - Female - this name means my lord has answered.
Ema - Female - this means serious or grandmother or nurse or Wife of Jarl.
Endria - Female - a bright luminating object.
Enni - Female - this is a Finnish feminised form of the word Enna meaning edge of a sword.
Erma - Female - complete or war goddess.
Esilia - Female - wife of Romulus in Roman mythology.
Evdokia - Female - pleasure or delight or to seem well.
Evette - Female - A little living one
Eyitope - Female - This is worthy for praise.
Eithar - Male - To Love another person
Elilmani - Female - Precious like the rare gem
Eashwera - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ebo - Male - One who is born on a Tuesday., One who is born on a Tuesday.
Ekamban - Male - Sky; Heaven; Lord of the Sky, Sky, Heaven, Lord of the Sky
Elang - Male - Falcon, Falcon
Ekachandra - Male - The only Moon, The Only Moon, One Moon
Edmar - Male - One who is like a wealthy sea, One who is like a wealthy sea
Edmond - Male - A very efficient and happy protector, A very efficient and happy protector
Eduard - Male - Guardian of richess; one who spends, Guardian of richess, one who spends
Eggther - Male - Guardian for the giants., Guardian for the giants.
Eldredge - Male - Old and powerful ruler, Old and powerful ruler
Elery - Male - A cheerful person who shares happiness, A cheerful person who shares happiness
Emrys - Male - immortal., immortal.
Eohric - Male - a very powerful ruler., a very powerful ruler.
Evers - Male - son of Evert., son of Evert.
Embrace - Female - it means to hug someone or show affection., it means to hug someone or show affection.
Eadgytha - Female - Wise wife of a counsellor
Edda - Female - One with clear vision, great grandmother inheritance
Edeltrude - Female - One who is born with fighting spirit, strength
Edoma - Female - Belongng to God, they are the one who are faithful
Ekua - Female - The one converting pain to happiness
Elmina - Female - Intimidating and famous person
Eluned - Female - the meaning of this name is idol, image or saint.
Elyannah - Female - this name means lord is my god or light or moon.
Emeli - Female - this name means someone who is laborious or eager or a rival in battle.
Eriana - Female - Welsh word for silver.
Erilyn - Female - a combination of two words Eric and Lynn.
Estrildis - Female - a star battle or a beloved mistress of King Locrinus.
Ethna - Female - it means graceful.
Evanthe - Female - a Greek word for flower.
Evermoore - Female - always or eternal or everlasting.
Elif - Female - One with a slender body, original
Endah - Female - Beautiful, one who is excessively beautiful.
Easharnaam - Male - Absorbed in name of God, It means  'Absorbed in God's Name '
Ekadev - Male - The Only God; The Supreme Being, The Only God, The Supreme Being
Eltjo - Male - Royal; Rich;, Royal, Rich,
Eqbal - Male - prosperity or success., prosperity or success.
Eruyarththan - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil, One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil
Eyfrod - Male - The one who was farmed at tongue., The one who was farmed at tongue.
Ekadeva - Male - The one who is the supreme God, The one who is the supreme God
Ekaijinko - Male - One who is virtuous and ocean of wisdom, One who is virtuous and ocean of wisdom
Ealfled - Male - An authentic, loyal and effective person, An authentic, loyal and effective person
Eanmaer - Male - An experienced, modest and accomodating being, An experienced, modest and accomodating being
Eastan - Male - Derived from the word easton it means 'From the East'., Derived from the word easton it means 'From the East'.
Eborard - Male - A very expressive,adventerous and spontaneous nature person., A very expressive,adventerous and spontaneous nature person.
Ecgmund - Male - Strong protector; one who is thoughtful and systematic, Strong protector, one who is thoughtful and systematic
Eduuine - Male - Fortunate friend; they are a guardian, Fortunate friend, they are a guardian
Einion - Male - Anvil; they are very generous, Anvil, they are very generous
Elmir - Male - The person who is very noble, The person who is very noble
Eoforweald - Male - a brave leader., a brave leader.
Eorphere - Male - a word used in Greek mythology for describing Europe., a word used in Greek mythology for describing Europe.
Ephraim - Male - Joseph's son in the Old Testament., Joseph's son in the Old Testament.
Estorause - Male - an Arthurian king., an Arthurian king.
Etan - Male - a steady and strong person., a steady and strong person.
Etemaad - Male - faith or trust in African., faith or trust in African.
Etzel - Male - a fictional character in Attila and the Hun., a fictional character in Attila and the Hun.
Euroa - Female - a place in Australia., a place in Australia.
Edekin - Female - One who is good natured and friendly
Edeltraut - Female - One who belongs to a noble family
Elaria - Female - A glorified individual
Elmeria - Female - One who is social, likable and friendly
Elodie - Female - One who is filled with riches and fortune
Enitan - Female - Person of the story or person with a history.
Erlinda - Female - princess or spirited.
Estrith - Female - a royal person of Norway.
Eudoxia - Female - a Greek word for someone who is held in high regard or a good gift.
Evalina - Female - it means to live.
Elethia - Female - Healer, They are healer who cures people
Eakant - Male - Loneliness; Alone; Being on your own; Solitude; Seclusion, Loneliness, Alone, Being on your own, Solitude, Seclusion
Eegaichelvan - Male - A charitable person;the person who always donates, A charitable person,the person who always donates
Ekaj - Male - The only child
Elavarasu - Male - Prince, Son of King, Prince, Heir to throne
Eadfrid - Male - A serious-minded and responsible person., A serious-minded and responsible person.
Eamon - Male - It is derived from irish form edmund which means " Guardian", It is derived from irish form edmund which means " Guardian"
Eamonn - Male - Protection; one who saves, Protection, one who saves
Ebert - Male - It means Brave or Strong., It means Brave or Strong.
Edged - Male - One who is cutting; sarcastic in nature, One who is cutting, sarcastic in nature
Edulf - Male - One who is of good personality, One who is of good personality
Eetu - Male - Finnish form of Edward; Guardian of riches, Finnish form of Edward, Guardian of riches
Elberte - Male - They are the one who help others, They are the one who help others
Elihu - Male - One who has found a thoughtful God, One who has found a thoughtful God
Eored - Male - cavalry or band or troop., cavalry or band or troop.
Eron - Male - enlightened or mountain of strength or high mountain., enlightened or mountain of strength or high mountain.
Escarans - Male - an angel fish or someone strongly attracted towards nature., an angel fish or someone strongly attracted towards nature.
Esli - Male - near me or someone who separates., near me or someone who separates.
Esota - Male - a baby born at easter., a baby born at easter.
Ether - Male - to talk., to talk.
Eston - Male - generally a surname meaning from east town., generally a surname meaning from east town.
Evgeniy - Male - He who was born as a good person, He who was born as a good person
Eirik - Female - An eternal ruler who is forever strong and brave, An eternal ruler who is forever strong and brave
Emmott - Female - tough, extremely powerful and strong built., tough, extremely powerful and strong built.
Eathelin - Female - It means a noble waterfall
Echa - Female - To give blessings, to give good things
Edied - Female - A rich and famous person
Edilda - Female - One who has fought the war, found victory
Ediua - Female - Aggressive and encouraging human being
Elbertyna - Female - A noble and glorious baby
Eldis - Female - They are the ones who are filled with joy
Elen - Female - One who has done constructions
Elizabet - Female - God provides everyone with plenty, bountiful god
Elizabeta - Female - Dedicated to God
Ellette - Female - A little, magical Elf
Ellexis - Female - One who is born to create harmony
Elzie - Female - this name means that my god is my vow.
Emoni - Female - this name means faith.
Eristy - Female - the best or harvest.
Eseld - Female - beautiful or one who rules over the ice.
Eudosia - Female - a Greek word meaning highly regarded.
Everlee - Female - somebody who is from the boar meadow.
Eleine - Female - Form of Helen, a mother, bright one
Ekdant - Male - One of many names of Lord Ganesha signifying his form with one tusk, One of many names of Lord Ganesha signifying his form with one tusk
Elilchelvan - Male - A Simple Good Looking Man; Handsome; Charming; Appealing; Attractive, A Simple Good Looking Man, Handsome, Charming, Appealing, Attractive
Erol - Male - it means brave., it means brave.
Ealhhere - Male - One who is a temple army, One who is a temple army
Ealhsige - Male - Attractive, loyal and humble person, Attractive, loyal and humble person
Earnmund - Male - Achievers and high rankers, Achievers and high rankers
Eberardo - Male - It means Brave in Spanish., It means Brave in Spanish.
Edmundus - Male - Fortune loving person; one who has a heart of gold, Fortune loving person, one who has a heart of gold
Elave - Male - A highly intellectual person, A highly intellectual person
Eldin - Male - One who has a very powerful memory, One who has a very powerful memory
Elfred - Male - An efficient and popular human being, An efficient and popular human being
Eligius - Male - One who born to be chosen as the best, One who born to be chosen as the best
Elson - Male - this means someone who is from old town or Elli's town or Elli's son., this means someone who is from old town or Elli's town or Elli's son.
Elsu - Male - this means a flying falcon., this means a flying falcon.
Elys - Male - this means a famour fighter or Jehovah is my God., this means a famour fighter or Jehovah is my God.
Emem - Male - this name signifies peace., this name signifies peace.
Enriquez - Male - a person who owns large estates and rules them., a person who owns large estates and rules them.
Eorlson - Male - a nobleman's son., a nobleman's son.
Erbin - Male - legendary son of Cushtenhin., legendary son of Cushtenhin.
Ermenred - Male - a historical figure featuring in England's monarchical pedigree., a historical figure featuring in England's monarchical pedigree.
Ernestino - Male - an earnest and determined effort., an earnest and determined effort.
Eadbald - Female - A person who enjoys beauties of nature., A person who enjoys beauties of nature.
Eadgifu - Female - They are a rich gift to mankind
Ebe - Female - A very youthful, friendly and approachable person
Edgidia - Female - Warrior using goat skin shield
Ellfryda - Female - The one who has magical strength
Elloise - Female - One who is famous in a war
Emilja - Female - to match or surpass a person or a rival by imitation mostly.
Esmira - Female - a French word meaning loved.
Eudokia - Female - to be well pleased or to be satisfied.
Evangelia - Female - bringer of good news.
Evernie - Female - beyond the other side.
Evis - Female - A living woman
Ebtissam - Female - pleasing face, smile
Ece - Female - Popular person like a beautiful queen, attractive one
Eladari - Female - One who is luxury in paradise
Eesh - Male - God; Supreme Being; Name of Lord Vishnu; Name of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Name of Lord Vishnu, Name of Lord Shiva
Ekow - Male - Boy born on Thursday., Boy born on Thursday.
Eroth - Male - Psychic; Intelligent; Brilliant; Clever, Psychic, Intelligent, Brilliant, Clever
Esfandyar - Male - Name of a character in Shahnameh., Name of a character in Shahnameh.
Eskander - Male - Persian word for Alexander., Persian word for Alexander.
Easwaran - Male - God, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe,
Elkie - Female - God bought.
Eadgar - Male - It means a very powerful person., It means a very powerful person.
Ear - Male - The Scottish meaning of the name Ear is 'From the East'., The Scottish meaning of the name Ear is 'From the East'.
Earda - Male - Derived from the word erda which means European earth goddess., Derived from the word erda which means European earth goddess.
Eastre - Male - The bright Moon; content, The bright Moon, content
Eckehardt - Male - A corner or a hidden edge, A corner or a hidden edge
Edmonde - Male - A protector; one who protects and is a saviour, A protector, one who protects and is a saviour
Edmondo - Male - A highly successful and productive being, A highly successful and productive being
Eginhard - Male - Strong with a sword, Strong with a sword
Eldid - Male - One who is a believer in God, One who is a believer in God
Eliu - Male - One who has chosen his God, One who has chosen his God
Emils - Male - Variant of Emile. It means eager, Variant of Emile. It means eager
Enda - Male - bird or bird like., bird or bird like.
Erkenbaud - Male - an ancient king of Northumberland., an ancient king of Northumberland.
Errigal - Male - the name of an Irish mountain., the name of an Irish mountain.
Esupofo - Male - The devil has lost., The devil has lost.
Ethbin - Male - popularized by Saint Ethbin an ancient religious figure., popularized by Saint Ethbin an ancient religious figure.
Eumer - Male - somebody who hates., somebody who hates.
Eustace - Male - Greek word for productive or frutiful., Greek word for productive or frutiful.
Eafa - Female - The meaning of eefa in Welsh means' Life'
Earnestyna - Female - A serious and loving individual
Edihe - Female - One who has been flourishing financially
Edrit - Female - They are talented and kind hearted
Eidi - Female - Festival or feast day.
Eija - Female - Happy and bright person who is studious natured
Eleri - Female - A chief, very important person
Elfleda - Female - A noble person, they are born beautiful
Elilen - Female - A hazelnut, they are compassionate
Elliotte - Female - One who came from the God
Elsy - Female - this basically means god is my oath.
Elvine - Female - this name means good elf or magical being or friend.
Elvita - Female - this name means truth.
Emayn - Female - this name means peaceful home.
Englbehrt - Female - a bright angel.
Eszter - Female - a Hungarian word meaning star.
Eufemme - Female - a Spanish word meaning good omen.
Evdoxia - Female - somebody of good fame or reputable.
Enam - Male - Fountain, Open place, god's gift.
Edvige - Female - Contention and strife
Eurydike - Female - Wide justice
Easharprem - Male - Lover of God, It means Lover of God.
Eegaiarasan - Male - King of charity, King of charity
Eeshvar - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Elayaraj - Male - King of the Earth; Prince; Heir to throne; Son of King; A variant of name Illayaraja, King of the Earth, Prince, Heir to throne, Son of King, A variant of name Illayaraja
Evavad - Male - Truthful; Honest; Faithful; One who does not lie or cheat, Truthful, Honest, Faithful, One who does not lie or cheat
Edhas - Male - Happiness, Sacred Fuel, Happiness, Delighted, Joyful, Glad, Rejoiced
Eshvar - Male - Lord Shiva, God, Supreme being, Personal God, Or special self, God, Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eeshwak - Male - One who is like a precious gem, One who is like a precious gem
Ekala - Male - One who is solitary and single, One who is solitary and single
Eadbhard - Male - It means rich protector., It means rich protector.
Eadhere - Male - A self-centered person., A self-centered person.
Ealdhelm - Male - A helmet; they are venerable being, A helmet, they are venerable being
Earn - Male - A serious minded individual, A serious minded individual
Edborough - Male - A prosperous administrator, A prosperous administrator
Edik - Male - A healthy and weallthy guardian, A healthy and weallthy guardian
Ekke - Male - A peaceful ruler of the island, A peaceful ruler of the island
Eldrida - Male - A brilliant wise advisor, A brilliant wise advisor
Elora - Male - One who is ready for battle, One who is ready for battle
Elphyn - Male - A hardworking fellow who works for greater good, A hardworking fellow who works for greater good
Elsin - Male - noble and true., noble and true.
Enno - Male - strong with a sword., strong with a sword.
Eorcongota - Male - a German word meaning horse or a stallion., a German word meaning horse or a stallion.
Eppa - Male - charming., charming.
Erasma - Male - a highly loved or beloved individual., a highly loved or beloved individual.
Erico - Male - someone who rules the people of a land., someone who rules the people of a land.
Erwynn - Male - in essence it means water that is green and fresh or a beautiful friend., in essence it means water that is green and fresh or a beautiful friend.
Euddogwy - Male - a famous saint pilgrim of ancient times., a famous saint pilgrim of ancient times.
Evaen - Male - He who is well born, He who is well born
Eadburga - Female - Ead means 'Wealth' and burg means 'Protection'.
Eadgyfu - Female - Ethical and good natured person
Edvig - Female - Battle, fight for Contention
Egberta - Female - A shining sword which has a lot of potential
Egelfride - Female - One who is filled with harmony and calmness
Eliava - Female - One who takes his father as God
Elishia - Female - One who is taken as a vow, stable
Elivina - Female - A beautiful friend of the Elves
Erato - Female - muse of erotic poetry.
Ermengarde - Female - a German word meaning whole universal enclosure or protection.
Ernia - Female - an Irish word meaning serios and earnest.
Ethnie - Female - a feminized word which means fire.
Evvie - Female - She who gave life to everything
Ewe - Female - She who brings life to everything
Ekatha - Female - Unity
Eiesha - Female - Purity, name of Muhammad's wife, alive
Ezinne - Female - The good mother.
Eelamynthan - Male - Son of eelam, Son of eelam
Eesvar - Male - God; Supreme Being; The Almighty, God, Supreme Being, The Almighty
Ekdak - Male - One who is identical, One who is identical
Eneviri - Male - a holy and revered saint., a holy and revered saint.
Enofe - Male - One who is rich., One who is rich.
Evayavan - Male - One who is quick; One who grants all wishes; One of many names of Lord Vishnu, One who is quick, One who grants all wishes, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Ewelike - Male - It's not by power, It's not by power
Edom - Male - Red, Red earth, One who came out of the red earth
Ekapad - Male - Lord Shiva, Having one foot, One-footed, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eadburt - Male - Its derived from the word eadbert which means wealthy., Its derived from the word eadbert which means wealthy.
Eadmer - Male - A respected and diplomatic person, A respected and diplomatic person
Ealdhere - Male - Accomodating and level headed person, Accomodating and level headed person
Ealdun - Male - One who is from the elves's valley, One who is from the elves's valley
Ealhmund - Male - One who is very good natured, One who is very good natured
Ebull - Male - A secretive person; one who is like Bull, A secretive person, one who is like Bull
Ecci - Male - Emotional person who is energized, Emotional person who is energized
Ecgwulf - Male - A clever being; has extravagant nature, A clever being, has extravagant nature
Eckert - Male - Strong and pointed as brave, Strong and pointed as brave
Eddricus - Male - Strong in material sense and is idealistic, Strong in material sense and is idealistic
Edmee - Male - Honourable and a gift of almighty, Honourable and a gift of almighty
Eduinus - Male - Imaginative and naive being, Imaginative and naive being
Efi - Male - A fruitful and lovely human being, A fruitful and lovely human being
Eero - Male - One who is an eternal ruler, One who is an eternal ruler
Egfrid - Male - Happy and mature individual, Happy and mature individual
Eideard - Male - They are the one who rule the universe, They are the one who rule the universe
Eilan - Male - An evergreen tree, An evergreen tree
Eiar - Male - Promise, Promise
Eljas - Male - Where Yahweh is the God, Where Yahweh is the God
Elwen - Male - the meaning of this name is old friend., the meaning of this name is old friend.
Elwy - Male - this nam means gain or benefit., this nam means gain or benefit.
Emengar - Male - the meaning of this name is precious., the meaning of this name is precious.
Emit - Male - someone who has everything or is universal., someone who has everything or is universal.
Emitt - Male - a powerful person known all over the universe., a powerful person known all over the universe.
Eorpwald - Male - a king of East Anglia., a king of East Anglia.
Erasto - Male - an Italian word meaning beloved or highly loving., an Italian word meaning beloved or highly loving.
Eremias - Male - God will uplift, God will uplift
Eriko - Male - a Spanish word meaning ruler of the people., a Spanish word meaning ruler of the people.
Eugen - Male - well born or noble., well born or noble.
Everette - Male - a person during ancient ages who was extremely brave like a wild boar., a person during ancient ages who was extremely brave like a wild boar.
Earline - Female - It is feminine form of Earl meaning Noble Women.
Eastorhild - Female - A self contented, hard working and daring
Ebrill - Female - A person who is born in april, has deep desire to travel
Edgida - Female - Made of goat skin shield
Eduwiges - Female - Fighting woman, one who is a good speaker
Egbertyna - Female - Bright sword, which is very powerful
Eglentina - Female - Wild rose, Botanical name of flower
Elenka - Female - A bright and shining light
Elexia - Female - They defend, one who helps others
Elfredda - Female - Powerful person who is an Elf
Elisabette - Female - They take God as their oath, loving person
Elletta - Female - A magical Elf with powers
Ellfredda - Female - One who has the power of a powerful Elf
Elvi - Female - this name means noble friend.
Emi - Female - this means smile that is beautiful and picturesque.
Enna - Female - this is a German word for edge of a sword.
Eorcengota - Female - a princess riding on a stallion.
Erela - Female - angel on earth.
Erinne - Female - a word which means Ireland.
Erleen - Female - noble woman.
Ermenburga - Female - a mother figure in ancient epic who trains her son.
Ermingard - Female - a German word which means whole universe in its enitrety.
Ernaline - Female - capable or serious or battle to the death.
Evka - Female - The mother of life
Ekadhana - Female - A portion of wealth, One who is the portion of wealth
Emma Dil - Female - Heart's Wish
Elaxi - Female - A woman who has bright eyes
Ehta - Male - One who is highly praised, One who is highly praised
Ejaaz - Male - A miracle; they are majestic and have analytical mind, A miracle, they are majestic and have analytical mind
Ekarishi - Male - One Rishi; One Saint; One Guru; One Spiritual guide, One Rishi, One Saint, One Guru, One Spiritual guide
Ekong - Male - War or battle., War or battle.
Ekapada - Male - One who is one footed; Name of Shiva and Vishnu, One who is one footed, Name of Shiva and Vishnu
Eadhelm - Male - A friendly and social person., A friendly and social person.
Ealdwulf - Male - A clear minded, intelligent being, A clear minded, intelligent being
Eardly - Male - One who is from a capable and efficient family, One who is from a capable and efficient family
Eardwulf - Male - An idealistic and inspirational person ., An idealistic and inspirational person .
Ecgbeorht - Male - One who has high level of understanding; quick thinker and intelligent, One who has high level of understanding, quick thinker and intelligent
Ecke - Male - An edge or corner of any space, An edge or corner of any space
Edge - Male - An end of surface; a tendsetter, An end of surface, a tendsetter
Edma - Male - A prosperous guardian; one who shows light and way, A prosperous guardian, one who shows light and way
Efthimia - Male - Cheerful and pleasant person, Cheerful and pleasant person
Egbin - Male - A blunt, informal person; honorable, A blunt, informal person, honorable
Ehrenfried - Male - Peace and harmony loving being, Peace and harmony loving being
Eilam - Male - Forever one who is a creative natured, Forever one who is a creative natured
Eino - Male - One who lives on the point of a sword, One who lives on the point of a sword
Eistein - Male - A boy who is lucky and fortunate., A boy who is lucky and fortunate.
Ekkehard - Male - A brave and hardy person, A brave and hardy person
Eldon - Male - The Elder; one from the valley, The Elder, one from the valley
Eleasar - Male - They are the one who get help from God, They are the one who get help from God
Elger - Male - Spear of an Elf, Spear of an Elf
Emanuel - Male - this name means god is with us., this name means god is with us.
Esai - Male - a Spanish word meaning god is my salvation., a Spanish word meaning god is my salvation.
Ethelsige - Male - an Anglo-Saxon king., an Anglo-Saxon king.
Eatta - Female - In german it means little one
Ebrel - Female - Cornish vocabulary name meaning April.
Eccel - Female - One who is exceptionally good, a great individual
Edelina - Female - God is gracious, one who is rich or blessed
Edrie - Female - A blessed guardian
Edyth - Female - A rare and wonderful gift
Effemia - Female - A refined and sweet spoken person
Eleasha - Female - One who is born to provide salvation
Eliisabet - Female - One who takes God as Oath, helpful person
Elle - Female - One who has aged gracefully like a beautiful fairy
Ellfreeda - Female - A born Elf or a magical counsel
Elyon - Female - this name means Jehovah is my god.
Elysian - Female - this name means someone who is blessed or struck by lightning.
Elyssa - Female - this name means my god is my oath.
Emberlee - Female - this name means smouldering or fiery meadow.
Enia - Female - it means jewel or fiery
Ehtisham - Male - Modesty, Decency
Ekamprem - Male - Love of the supreme being, One who loves one loves, oneness
Etebar - Male - Belief, Faith, Trust
Eesvaraavu - Male - They are the one who are very strong, They are the one who are very strong
Enavada - Male - one with a spotted speech or truthful., one with a spotted speech or truthful.
Enestinus - Male - masculine form of beauty., masculine form of beauty.
Eshwaransh - Male - a part of lord Shiva., a part of lord Shiva.
Eachann - Male - It means 'Horse-Lover' in Irish, It means 'Horse-Lover' in Irish
Ealdred - Male - Happy and efficient; realistic being, Happy and efficient, realistic being
Ealric - Male - They are very brave, wise and happy, They are very brave, wise and happy
Eames - Male - One who is a prosperous protector, One who is a prosperous protector
Eanbald - Male - The one who is easygoing and accurate person, The one who is easygoing and accurate person
Eanlac - Male - Analytical, forgiving and ethical person, Analytical, forgiving and ethical person
Eberly - Male - A pet form of Eberhardt, meaning brave or hardy., A pet form of Eberhardt, meaning brave or hardy.
Edburga - Male - The great, guardian protector, The great, guardian protector
Edme - Male - One who lives in a very fine protection, One who lives in a very fine protection
Eliada - Male - One who has the knowledge of God, One who has the knowledge of God
Eljah - Male - God is all-powerful and and mighty, God is all-powerful and and mighty
Emest - Male - it has meanings like serious, being determined or a feeling of earnest or great vigour., it has meanings like serious, being determined or a feeling of earnest or great vigour.
Enea - Male - the ninth born., the ninth born.
Eoghan - Male - born of yew or youhtful., born of yew or youhtful.
Eomer - Male - famous war horse., famous war horse.
Esne - Male - in Anglo-Saxon culture a labourer or a small class person., in Anglo-Saxon culture a labourer or a small class person.
Esprit - Male - a French word meaning spirit., a French word meaning spirit.
Esrlson - Male - a nobleman's son., a nobleman's son.
Estevao - Male - a Portuguese word which means crown., a Portuguese word which means crown.
Ethelric - Male - noble ruler., noble ruler.
Eugenio - Male - a Spanish name for nobility or high born., a Spanish name for nobility or high born.
Everild - Male - Latinized form of a 7th century saint's name., Latinized form of a 7th century saint's name.
Evrad - Male - He who is a brave boar, He who is a brave boar
Eniko - Female - a young female deer.
Ebele - Female - It means mercy or kindness., It means mercy or kindness.
Eanswith - Female - Energetic, noble and high spirited person
Earna - Female - It means universal
Eathelyn - Female - It means a magnificient waterfall
Edite - Female - Rich battle
Edyva - Female - Luxirious and costly presents
Egefride - Female - A peace loving individual who is blessed
Eilieua - Female - Bright and beautiful
Eimile - Female - One who is practical natured and free detailed
Elfled - Female - They are beautiful people
Elfre - Female - They are peaceful and loves peace
Elizebeth - Female - God is a faith and is satisfaction
Ellasyn - Female - Children of Ellis, creative and productive
Ellee - Female - One who works with everyone, creative and excellent person
Elvera - Female - this name means white or truth.
Elviva - Female - this name means trustworthy or alert or white.
Elysa - Female - this name means someone from the blessed isles.
Emberly - Female - the meaning of this name is low flame or spark or burning coal.
Emelote - Female - this name is often used for describing a castle which belonged to King Arthur.
Emy - Female - universal whole.
Eostre - Female - goddess of the dawn.
Erikka - Female - a feminized word which means a ruler.
Estel - Female - a French word meaning stars in the sky which are bright.
Ethylene - Female - an archaic old English word which means noble.
Ettare - Female - according to Arthurian legend the lover of Palleas.
Ettarr - Female - a surname which means lover of Palleas.
Evi - Female - One who breathes and lives
Ewelina - Female - One who is desired
Ecchumati - Female - A river, Flowing water,river,spontaneous
Ellmera - Female - An aristrocratic lady
Emmalie - Female - Universal
Easharbir - Male - Brave and godly person, Brave and a very Godly person.
Easharjot - Male - Godly light, God's Lightly
Eggbert - Male - Sword or as sharp as sword., Sword or as sharp as sword.
Ekval - Male - Butterfly; Beautiful and free spirited, Butterfly, Beautiful and free spirited
Ekkari - Male - Name of the most good looking person, Name of the most good looking person
Eshaq - Male - Prophet's name., Prophet's name.
Eadnod - Male - An energetic and alluring being, An energetic and alluring being
Eban - Male - It means 'Stone'., It means 'Stone'.
Eckardt - Male - A brave; edge point, A brave, edge point
Eilert - Male - A edge of sword; brave and strong, A edge of sword, brave and strong
Elad - Male - God is eternal, God is eternal
Elcu - Male - A light hearted and exciting human being, A light hearted and exciting human being
Elgine - Male - They are noble and white, They are noble and white
Eliah - Male - They are passionate about work; God is Lord, They are passionate about work, God is Lord
Eliakim - Male - God is going to develop, God is going to develop
Eliel - Male - An Angel sent from heaven, An Angel sent from heaven
Elisie - Male - My God is salvation, My God is salvation
Eloy - Male - A chosen one who is a french Saint, A chosen one who is a french Saint
Eorp - Male - Greek mythological word for Europe., Greek mythological word for Europe.
Erez - Male - a tall and strong tree; cedar., a tall and strong tree, cedar.
Esa - Male - someone for whom god is the ultimate salvation., someone for whom god is the ultimate salvation.
Eske - Male - Spear of the gods., Spear of the gods.
Euell - Male - spring or source of a river., spring or source of a river.
Euilaun - Male - an Italian name for someone who has been born into the nobility., an Italian name for someone who has been born into the nobility.
Eutigirn - Male - a Welsh name meaning fond of his king., a Welsh name meaning fond of his king.
Ewing - Male - The children of the yew trees, The children of the yew trees
Ermintrude - Female - universal strength.
Elinam - Female - He is there for me., He is there for me.
Eubank - Female - an Anglo-Saxon surname possibly referring to the Yew's banks., an Anglo-Saxon surname possibly referring to the Yew's banks.
Ebbot - Female - A very friendly and poised person .
Elianne - Female - Fantastic daughter of the Sun
Ellorie - Female - Salvation provider
Elmeena - Female - One who has intimidating fame, helmet
Emera - Female - it means merit or a worthy person who has merit.
Emere - Female - The name means rival in Maori language.
Enit - Female - fair or woodlark.
Ericha - Female - Heather, also a feminized form of the name Eric.
Erith - Female - it means flower.
Erny - Female - a Swedish name meaning serious and determined.
Ettard - Female - in the Arthurian legend the lover of Palleas is known by this name.
Euletta - Female - a soft spoken or swee spoken person.
Ewella - Female - Cornish vocabulary name meaning higher, more exalted.
Eikram - Male - 
Emagine - Female - it means image of her mother or innocent or blameless.
Eravantha - Male - Son of Arjuna and Uloopi; A variant spelling is Eravanth, Son of Arjuna and Uloopi, A variant spelling is Eravanth
Ernet - Male - Bird;, Bird,
Ekeswar - Male - Sewer is one, The Supreme Being, Primal God of all, Sole Lord, Ultimate Power, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekatvacha - Male - One who keeps repeating the same thing, One who keeps repeating the same thing
Ealdgyth - Male - An old battle maid; the noble one, An old battle maid, the noble one
Eberhard - Male - It means as strong and courageous as wild boar., It means as strong and courageous as wild boar.
Eberhardt - Male - Derived from the word eberhart it means Brave or Strong., Derived from the word eberhart it means Brave or Strong.
Ecga - Male - An emotional, clever and good individual, An emotional, clever and good individual
Ecgheard - Male - A clever person; who is sharp witted, A clever person, who is sharp witted
Ecgwine - Male - One who is quick in actions; spontaneous and generous, One who is quick in actions, spontaneous and generous
Eckehard - Male - A German saying to motivate means be strong through the sword, A German saying to motivate means be strong through the sword
Eckehart - Male - Strong; deer a scared one, Strong, deer a scared one
Eckerd - Male - One who is sacred and connected with god, One who is sacred and connected with god
Edingu - Male - Famous ruler; one who is ardent and efficient, Famous ruler, one who is ardent and efficient
Edwaldo - Male - A loving and prosperous guardian, A loving and prosperous guardian
Eesho - Male - A form of Jesus, meaning son of God., A form of Jesus, meaning son of God.
Eidef - Male - A wealthy gift from the god almighty, A wealthy gift from the god almighty
Eilif - Male - An immortal person who is born to do great things, An immortal person who is born to do great things
Eldra - Male - One who is always taking God as oath, One who is always taking God as oath
Eliaz - Male - God is the most powerful of all, God is the most powerful of all
Ellerie - Male - One who has a cheerful and friendly personlaity, One who has a cheerful and friendly personlaity
Elwyn - Male - this name means a wise old friend., this name means a wise old friend.
Eno - Male - a person who is extremely strong with a sword., a person who is extremely strong with a sword.
Eormenraed - Male - an Irish word meaning a public oath., an Irish word meaning a public oath.
Eral - Male - somebody of nobility., somebody of nobility.
Erickson - Male - son of Erik; son of ruler., son of Erik, son of ruler.
Ernst - Male - a word which means serious and determined., a word which means serious and determined.
Erv - Male - high cliff or fresh water., high cliff or fresh water.
Esau - Male - a person who finishes., a person who finishes.
Esomchi - Male - Walking with the lord or one who follows God, Walking with the lord or one who follows God
Este - Male - an Italian word meaning someone from the east., an Italian word meaning someone from the east.
Etguinum - Male - till eternity or forever or till the ending of time., till eternity or forever or till the ending of time.
Eudel - Male - from the yew tree valley., from the yew tree valley.
Eudes - Male - the name of a French saint., the name of a French saint.
Evdeam - Male - somebody who is honest truthful and a pleasing person., somebody who is honest truthful and a pleasing person.
Even - Male - god is gracious or  born of yew or youth., god is gracious or  born of yew or youth.
Everd - Male - brave boar or strong boar., brave boar or strong boar.
Evinrude - Male - A swift boat., A swift boat.
Eysteinn - Male - The stone island., The stone island.
Eddye - Female - An independent; protector and saviour; wealthy friend, An independent, protector and saviour, wealthy friend
Emeryth - Female - it means an industrious leader with work power., it means an industrious leader with work power.
Eanflead - Female - A happy, straight and positive person
Eboni - Female - Its Egyptian meaning is Black.
Edmanda - Female - Rich helper, one who helps the needy
Eidytha - Female - Joyous and lovely person
Elbertha - Female - A high born and shining person
Elfleta - Female - A tender and logical person, amusing
Eliane - Female - Jehovah is the ultimate God
Elliot - Female - One who belongs to the God
Ellota - Female - An easy going and social person
Elysabeth - Female - this means the god of plenty or mother goddess of oath.
Enota - Female - it is a Slovenian word for someone born on easter.
Eormengyth - Female - somebody who takes a public oath.
Eos - Female - the meaning is dawn.
Eppie - Female - auspicious speech or good repute.
Erihapeti - Female - Helper or supporter
Ertha - Female - an Old English word for earth.
Esty - Female - a feminized Hebrew word which means star.
Eudotia - Female - someone who is held in high regard like a good gift.
Evangalista - Female - good messenger.
Eviana - Female - A woman who lives and breathes
Eliar - Male - Friend of the people
Ekagar - Male - One minded, Absorbed in meditation of one, One pointed
Ekesvara - Male - The Supreme Being; Primal God of all; Sole Lord; Ultimate Power, The Supreme Being, Primal God of all, Sole Lord, Ultimate Power
Enej - Male - Slovenian word for praise., Slovenian word for praise.
Er - Male - A pure water, clean; a watchman or observant, A pure water, clean, a watchman or observant
Ervar - Male - Befitting a Hero; One who is heroic;, Befitting a Hero, One who is heroic,
Ekayavan - Male - The wise one, The Wise One, Knowledgeable, Intelligent, Clever
Eadweald - Male - It means 'Prosperous Ruler'., It means 'Prosperous Ruler'.
Eadheard - Male - Ethical and easygoing person, Ethical and easygoing person
Eadwulf - Male - A person who is idealistic and has inspirational qualities; Its derived meaning from Old English where ead mean 'Fortune'and wulf means'Wolf', A person who is idealistic and has inspirational qualities, Its derived meaning from Old English where ead mean 'Fortune'and wulf means'Wolf'
Ealgmund - Male - Earnest, level headed and composed individual, Earnest, level headed and composed individual
Ealhhun - Male - They are friendly natured and have strength, They are friendly natured and have strength
Eanulf - Male - An autentic human being, An autentic human being
Eardwul - Male - A happy-go-lucky person., A happy-go-lucky person.
Earnest - Male - Serious minded and spiritual being, Serious minded and spiritual being
Ecgel - Male - One who is born with a friendly nature, One who is born with a friendly nature
Eckhardt - Male - A pointed edge; brave and strong, A pointed edge, brave and strong
Edbert - Male - One who is a born wealthy; bright person, One who is a born wealthy, bright person
Eddrick - Male - A good fortune; determine and stubborn, A good fortune, determine and stubborn
Eduin - Male - Rich friend, Rich friend
Eduino - Male - Wealthy companion; one who has lot of money, Wealthy companion, one who has lot of money
Edwarya - Male - Great and truthful person; one who can enjoy life, Great and truthful person, one who can enjoy life
Eferleah - Male - A meadow; valley filled with flowers, A meadow, valley filled with flowers
Eilwyn - Male - An old friend with a white brow, An old friend with a white brow
Eito - Male - A very prosperous person; they are kind hearted, A very prosperous person, they are kind hearted
Elige - Male - One who has very big ideas, One who has very big ideas
Elija - Male - For whom God is everywhere, For whom God is everywhere
Elijachuh - Male - One with vivid imagination, One with vivid imagination
Ellgar - Male - One who is lik the shining spear, One who is lik the shining spear
Elured - Male - this means someone who is very smart, this means someone who is very smart
Elvet - Male - the meaning of this name is swan stream., the meaning of this name is swan stream.
Emo - Male - this name means serious., this name means serious.
Erchembaut - Male - a German word meaning sacrosanct., a German word meaning sacrosanct.
Eren - Male - a Turkish word meaning saint., a Turkish word meaning saint.
Erinn - Male - poets use it to describe Ireland or peace., poets use it to describe Ireland or peace.
Erle - Male - a leader or nobleman or warrior or prince., a leader or nobleman or warrior or prince.
Ernesto - Male - a Spanish masculinated word meaning determined and serious., a Spanish masculinated word meaning determined and serious.
Eryk - Male - someone who is a ruler for eternity., someone who is a ruler for eternity.
Erysichthon - Male - someone who has been cursed with an insatiable hunger which finally leads to his death., someone who has been cursed with an insatiable hunger which finally leads to his death.
Esteban - Male - crowned in victory., crowned in victory.
Ethelheard - Male - someone who is noble by blood but also extremely strong., someone who is noble by blood but also extremely strong.
Ezechiall - Male - He who is made stronger by God, He who is made stronger by God
Ecgwynn - Female - Blessed and fair being; self assertive person, Blessed and fair being, self assertive person
Ekundayo - Female - The one who turns sorrows to joys, The one who turns sorrows to joys
Ealhhild - Female - One who has a lot of strength
Earleen - Female - It means Princess, it also means Noble Warrior in Old English
Eaven - Female - In irish it means Beautiful.
Edra - Female - Powerful and happy one
Effa - Female - Fair speaking person or speech
Efuru - Female - Daughter of heaven, they are blessed
Egbertyne - Female - A bright and shinning sword
Elda - Female - One who is born warrior
Eleua - Female - The one who is intelligent and is majestic
Elison - Female - God is a promise and an oath
Ellessa - Female - One with a noble, charming and friendly nature
Ellyda - Female - The one with creative and restless nature
Eluyua - Female - this means a bright light or a ruler who is wise and very bright
Elvan - Female - this name basically means colours.
Emanuell - Female - this name means god is with us or faith.
Emely - Female - this name has the meaning of a leader who emulates success.
Emm - Female - the whole or universe is signified by this name
Emmly - Female - one who strives hard for success.
Emmy - Female - a laborious, hard working and industrious person.
Enjoli - Female - extremely pretty
Erdudfyl - Female - an Arthurian word meaning earth.
Elaheh - Female - They are the moon goddess
Elok - Female - A beautiful woman, or jewel.
Emigdia - Female - One who is half-god or demigod
Eni - Female - a black female deer.
Ekanpreet - Male - Love for God, Love for God, Devoted to God, Beloved to God
Ejikeme - Male - It's not by power., It's not by power.
Ekikarana - Male - United; Unified; Joined; Combined, United, Unified, Joined, Combined
Elilaendhi - Male - A fortunate person who loves social life, A fortunate person who loves social life
Ethirajan - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva; Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva, Supreme Being
Eze - Male - A person who is a King, A person who is a King
Eylgar - Male - A clever minded, analytical and original being, A clever minded, analytical and original being
Ezhno - Male - One who lives in solitary, One who lives in solitary
Evron - Male - To be fruitful, To be fruitful
Eadred - Male - A rich, happy and eager person, A rich, happy and eager person
Ealdbehrt - Male - The one who is independent and happy, The one who is independent and happy
Eardnoth - Male - A direct, natty and artistic being, A direct, natty and artistic being
Eawart - Male - It means a very brave and courageous person., It means a very brave and courageous person.
Eckart - Male - An edge; one who is powerful and brave, An edge, one who is powerful and brave
Edmod - Male - Rich defender; they are born to defend and protect, Rich defender, they are born to defend and protect
Edmund - Male - Successful person; they have a unique style, Successful person, they have a unique style
Eduuard - Male - Prosperous guardian; a perfect compannion, Prosperous guardian, a perfect compannion
Eelis - Male - A saying which means My god is Yahweh, A saying which means My god is Yahweh
Efrem - Male - The one who is productive, The one who is productive
Eilmer - Male - Noble and faithful being who is very famous, Noble and faithful being who is very famous
Ekenedilichukwu - Male - Thanks be to God, Thanks be to God
Eldan - Male - One who resides in the valley of Elves, One who resides in the valley of Elves
Eliazor - Male - A servant who asks God for help, A servant who asks God for help
Eljin - Male - Freedom provider; one who is noble and white colored, Freedom provider, one who is noble and white colored
Ellard - Male - A brave, noble and gentle being, A brave, noble and gentle being
Elling - Male - One who is a descendant of a chief, One who is a descendant of a chief
Eoin - Male - god is good or god's gift., god is good or god's gift.
Etguino - Male - a name which has the meaning of forever after or till infinity., a name which has the meaning of forever after or till infinity.
Eugeret - Male - a word which means someone who is a high born or a nobility., a word which means someone who is a high born or a nobility.
Erembourc - Female - a French mythological character who rides shadows., a French mythological character who rides shadows.
Eadrea - Female - A brave and manly bearer
Ealdgifu - Female - An encouraging, alert and honest being
Edild - Female - One who can bring success
Efa - Female - The story of life, they are efficient
Eilleen - Female - Bright and shining light
Elaha - Female - An enchanting human being
Elene - Female - Greek helen, the bright one
Elfswitha - Female - A loyal and friendly person
Elliette - Female - Jehovah is the God almighty
Ellsa - Female - Exalted, God acts as an oath
Elom - Female - A healthy and wise individual, wide one
Elynor - Female - this means bright or shining over all or god is my light.
Eniafe - Female - A beloved man.
Epifania - Female - manifestation.
Erendira - Female - a princess of peace.
Erkengota - Female - an ancient character of mythology.
Eszti - Female - a femininized Hungarian word which means star.
Evanthia - Female - nice rosebud or blossoming flower.
Eveliina - Female - a word which means to live or having life.
Evniki - Female - A victory of good
Ezichi - Female - Good God!
Emmary - Female - a person who can be believed or who has faith, a faithful person.
Eranthe - Female - Spring flower
Euphrates - Female - The great river
Eshwarjeet - Male - Gods victory, god's victory.
Eelamani - Male - A gem of eelam, A gem of eelam
Ekabhakta - Male - One who worships a single deity, One who worships a single deity
Elillchelvan - Male - A handsome and talented personality, A handsome and talented personality
Ezeudo - Male - King of peace., King of peace.
Eytan - Male - A solid and enduring person, A solid and enduring person
Eadbeorht - Male - The name eadbehort means 'Wealthy', The name eadbehort means 'Wealthy'
Eadhed - Male - One who has earned respect of many, One who has earned respect of many
Ealhheard - Male - A helpful, honest and authentic being, A helpful, honest and authentic being
Ealhred - Male - A hall or a big place, A hall or a big place
Eanwine - Male - A wholesome and insightful being, A wholesome and insightful being
Earwyn - Male - One who is the friend of sea, One who is the friend of sea
Eata - Male - Its derived from the word eta which means to shine., Its derived from the word eta which means to shine.
Ebrard - Male - the one who gives strong advice, one who is powerfull consellor, the one who gives strong advice, one who is powerfull consellor
Ebubechukwu - Male - The glory and greatness of God., The glory and greatness of God.
Edmunda - Male - One who has prosperity; name of a king, One who has prosperity, name of a king
Eegelwin - Male - One who can spread peace and well being, One who can spread peace and well being
Efren - Male - One who is producing good results; fruitful, One who is producing good results, fruitful
Eilhard - Male - Egde of sword; hardy and loves fellow men, Egde of sword, hardy and loves fellow men
Elbert - Male - A bright and famous person; noble, A bright and famous person, noble
Eldred - Male - They are very wise advisors, They are very wise advisors
Eldrick - Male - A sage like ruler, A sage like ruler
Eleazar - Male - The one who is helped by God, The one who is helped by God
Eleuterio - Male - The liberator, The liberator
Elfrid - Male - An inspired advice who wants peace, An inspired advice who wants peace
Elimar - Male - A famous and noble personality, A famous and noble personality
Elqosh - Male - God's power or God's arrow., God's power or God's arrow.
Emigdio - Male - this is the Spanish form of the Saint Emigdius who was a saviour against earthquakes., this is the Spanish form of the Saint Emigdius who was a saviour against earthquakes.
Enderby - Male - it is a famous English surname., it is a famous English surname.
Erasmo - Male - beloved or someone who is loved by all., beloved or someone who is loved by all.
Eriah - Male - the lord is god., the lord is god.
Erich - Male - ruler of the people., ruler of the people.
Ericson - Male - son of a ruler named Erik., son of a ruler named Erik.
Erminio - Male - associated with Greek god for speed and good luck., associated with Greek god for speed and good luck.
Ernulf - Male - a Christianity religious figure of historical period., a Christianity religious figure of historical period.
Ervyn - Male - a word which means someone who is a beautiful friend., a word which means someone who is a beautiful friend.
Estibaliz - Male - something which occurs in the summer., something which occurs in the summer.
Etera - Male - Aid or help, Aid or help
Ethelwulf - Male - a noble wolf., a noble wolf.
Eudeat - Male - used to refer to a very ancient saint pilgrim., used to refer to a very ancient saint pilgrim.
Evald - Male - someone as battle ready as a boar., someone as battle ready as a boar.
Everett - Male - somebody who is very brave like a wild boar., somebody who is very brave like a wild boar.
Everton - Male - a Norwegian word meaning wild boar., a Norwegian word meaning wild boar.
Ewart - Male - A guard who is rich, A guard who is rich
Eleasa - Female - A fantastic and humble beings, A fantastic and humble beings
Engel - Female - German word for angel., German word for angel.
Erth - Female - a German word for earth., a German word for earth.
Eurythmia - Female - rhythmic or well proportioned., rhythmic or well proportioned.
Eadu - Female - It means Wealth or Richness.
Ealhswuth - Female - They are a wish come true
Eanfled - Female - One who is worthy to be proud of
Eanwin - Female - An imaginative, warm and neat being
Earcongota - Female - One with broad visions and ideas
Ebbie - Female - It means father or light.
Edaline - Female - A noble leader, king, one who has ability to act
Eddi - Female - One who always provides pleasure
Edelie - Female - Having high priciples and qualities
Edgyth - Female - A brave and powerful warrior
Edine - Female - One who came from Edinburgh
Edythe - Female - The gifts or possessions won after the war
Eemeli - Female - One who is filled with rivalry
Efharis - Female - Good grace, they are innocence and charm
Eftychia - Female - Happiness and prosper beings
Efy - Female - One who is pleasant, good reputation
Eidyth - Female - Joyous and loving person
Elain - Female - The one who has a peculiar case
Elanor - Female - One who is of the high born rank
Elfie - Female - A good Elf, they are compassionate
Elfreda - Female - A good counselor, they are filled with power
Elida - Female - A beautiful winged creature
Elizota - Female - A unique name, an expert of music and art
Elsbeth - Female - this means one who is pledged to god.
Elyscia - Female - this name means salvation is god or noble and honourable.
Elysse - Female - this means someone from the blessed isles.
Emmaleigh - Female - rival or laborious or eager.
Emmaly - Female - trying to excel in an universal way and a path that is whole.
Enerstina - Female - serious or sincere.
Ereni - Female - a peaceful woman.
Erian - Female - someone from Ireland.
Erline - Female - a girl from Ireland.
Evabelle - Female - beautiful breath of life.
Evany - Female - youthful warrior.
Everill - Female - a feminized form of a 7th century saint's name.
Everlyse - Female - always devoted or consecrated to god.
Ejlal - Female - One who is honorable
Ezdehar - Female - A flourishing young woman
Ekamkar - Male - Only one creator
Eckjeet - Male - The only victorious, the only winner or victorious, who always succeed
Eashwar - Male - God; Supreme Being; Creator and Protector of this universe;, God, Supreme Being, Creator and Protector of this universe,
Ekachkra - Male - One who holds one wheel; One of many names of Lord Vishnu, One who holds one wheel, One of many names of Lord Vishnu
Emankum - Male - Victorious; Pious; God Fearing; Devoted to God; Faith in religion, Victorious, Pious, God Fearing, Devoted to God, Faith in religion
Eshwardutt - Male - Gift of God, Gift of God, Blessing of God, God's prize, Present from God
Eveleen - Male - Bringer of light, Lively, Unselfish
Ekapinga - Male - One who is born one eyed, One who is born one eyed
Eadward - Male - Guardian; The derived meaning from German is 'Strong as a boar' indicating a strong personality., Guardian, The derived meaning from German is 'Strong as a boar' indicating a strong personality.
Ealhelm - Male - A high spirited, energetic person, A high spirited, energetic person
Ealhstan - Male - They are stone hard and temple pure, They are stone hard and temple pure
Easau - Male - The acts; a hairy individual, The acts, a hairy individual
Eburhardt - Male - An inspirational saying for being strong; has Boar strength, An inspirational saying for being strong, has Boar strength
Ecgi - Male - A stable, warm and motherly being, A stable, warm and motherly being
Edmont - Male - High security; and has a protective nature, High security, and has a protective nature
Edorta - Male - Wealthy and kind person, Wealthy and kind person
Eemil - Male - They are one who are like the Elves, They are one who are like the Elves
Egon - Male - One who gets strong with a sword, One who gets strong with a sword
Ehlyson - Male - One who shows compassion, One who shows compassion
Eivind - Male - Happy warrior; one who brings peace, Happy warrior, one who brings peace
Elduin - Male - A lonely and diplomatic person, A lonely and diplomatic person
Eldwynn - Male - One who is like an old friend, One who is like an old friend
Eleuver - Male - A free willed individual; they are passionate, A free willed individual, they are passionate
Elfstan - Male - Solemn; lonely and efficient, Solemn, lonely and efficient
Eliezer - Male - God who never fails in providing help and support, God who never fails in providing help and support
Eliot - Male - An old Welshman, An old Welshman
Elisael - Male - Excited and lonesome individual, Excited and lonesome individual
Elldred - Male - An old and wise counsel, An old and wise counsel
Elmet - Male - An independent and dependent person, An independent and dependent person
Elrond - Male - A ruler; a star dome, A ruler, a star dome
Ely - Male - this name means my god is Jehovah or famous fighter., this name means my god is Jehovah or famous fighter.
Emek - Male - this name means valley., this name means valley.
Eohhere - Male - an ancient name meaning someone from the ancient lake country., an ancient name meaning someone from the ancient lake country.
Eran - Male - follower or awakened., follower or awakened.
Erek - Male - a French word which means always mighty., a French word which means always mighty.
Eros - Male - it means love., it means love.
Erwyn - Male - a word which in essence means a beautiful friend or green and fresh water., a word which in essence means a beautiful friend or green and fresh water.
Esben - Male - a divine bear., a divine bear.
Esbern - Male - A divine bear., A divine bear.
Estmar - Male - a Spanish word meaning esteem., a Spanish word meaning esteem.
Eternus - Male - a word meaning to infinity or forever., a word meaning to infinity or forever.
Eudeyrn - Male - fond of his king., fond of his king.
Euseby - Male - it means pious or one who worships well., it means pious or one who worships well.
Evaristo - Male - well pleasing., well pleasing.
Everet - Male - brave as a wilf boar., brave as a wilf boar.
Ewel - Male - He somes form the spring of water, He somes form the spring of water
Edid - Female - The one who has a habit of being joyful, The one who has a habit of being joyful
Earric - Female - One who has a powerful mind
Earthelinda - Female - Ambitious, thrifty and honest being
Edwena - Female - Wealthy friend, one who has a rich heart
Eiluned - Female - A perfect image or an idol
Eilvila - Female - Good elf, reticent and serious one
Elberta - Female - A glorious and intelligent person
Elenuta - Female - Elenuta is a variant of Helen, meaning shining or bright one.
Elexandra - Female - One who defends men
Ellisia - Female - God provides salvation and peace, blessed isles
Ellyson - Female - The one who is Ellis's son
Elske - Female - Used for as a shorter version of Elizabeth meaning god is my oath.
Elyn - Female - this name means foreign or sun rays.
Emanuelle - Female - this name depicts the feminine form of the Messiah or faith.
Emeloth - Female - King Arthur's castle during the medieval ages was described by using this name.
Emmote - Female - a feminine form of power and strong will.
Erlene - Female - an elfin or a noble woman.
Ermenburg - Female - a mother in an Northumbrian epic saga who trains her son for studying and fighting.
Ermengarda - Female - enclosure, protection of whole universe.
Erminide - Female - a Latin word meaning entire universe.
Eryl - Female - a place where people look for knowledge.
Esiankiki - Female - Young maiden
Ekhlaq - Male - Character, One who has many virtues
Etibar - Male - 
Eas - Male - Gold, Gold
Erumelivasan - Male - One who Lives in Erumeli; One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil, One who Lives in Erumeli, One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil
Etaka - Male - One who is loving to others; Kind; Affectionate, One who is loving to others, Kind, Affectionate
Ethari - Male - Luminous; Radiant; Bright; Brilliant, Luminous, Radiant, Bright, Brilliant
Eadmod - Male - A homestead; providing protection, A homestead, providing protection
Eadstan - Male - A superior person, A superior person
Eadwine - Male - It means 'Happy Friend'., It means 'Happy Friend'.
Eahfrid - Male - A diplomatic and honorable human being, A diplomatic and honorable human being
Ealhdun - Male - One who belongs to the valley of the Elves, One who belongs to the valley of the Elves
Eanbeorht - Male - A normal, reliable and high spirited person, A normal, reliable and high spirited person
Earnwulf - Male - Ethical, wholesome and noble being, Ethical, wholesome and noble being
Ecgric - Male - Loud as a thunder; having strong desire to succeed, Loud as a thunder, having strong desire to succeed
Eckard - Male - One who is strong like a sword, One who is strong like a sword
Ector - Male - Father of Arthur; to hold; keep under control or within the limits, Father of Arthur, to hold, keep under control or within the limits
Edmon - Male - A guardian; they are having a protective nature, A guardian, they are having a protective nature
Edrik - Male - Strong and efficient person, Strong and efficient person
Efstathios - Male - A well built; stable natured person, A well built, stable natured person
Egidio - Male - A shield bearer; name of a brave kid, A shield bearer, name of a brave kid
Eibhear - Male - Granite(stone), Granite(stone)
Eidniuet - Male - A neat daydreamer, A neat daydreamer
Eitri - Male - Name of a mythical dwarf., Name of a mythical dwarf.
Elden - Male - One who is from the valley or an old town, One who is from the valley or an old town
Eldrige - Male - Wise ruler who is also a battle counsellor, Wise ruler who is also a battle counsellor
Eldwyn - Male - One who is a born wise advisor, One who is a born wise advisor
Eliseo - Male - They are kind and peace loving, They are kind and peace loving
Eliseu - Male - A salvation providing God; they satisfy, A salvation providing God, they satisfy
Ellsworth - Male - Enclosure; a habitational name, Enclosure, a habitational name
Elmer - Male - One who is noble and famous, One who is noble and famous
Emlen - Male - someone who is eager or industrious., someone who is eager or industrious.
Eormenburh - Male - people belonging to noblemen's land, people belonging to noblemen's land
Ephesian - Male - a desirable person., a desirable person.
Erastus - Male - A Greek word for loving or beloved., A Greek word for loving or beloved.
Erel - Male - it literally means I see god., it literally means I see god.
Ermin - Male - Greek word meaning universal or whole., Greek word meaning universal or whole.
Estcott - Male - someone who is from the east cottage., someone who is from the east cottage.
Eudaf - Male - it means glory., it means glory.
Eumir - Male - a person who is wrathful or hates a lot., a person who is wrathful or hates a lot.
Evandro - Male - a Latin word meaning good man., a Latin word meaning good man.
Evavada - Male - a truthful well pleasing person,, a truthful well pleasing person,
Evelake - Male - in Arthurian legend the name of a king., in Arthurian legend the name of a king.
Everhardt - Male - boar's bravery., boar's bravery.
Everwyn - Male - He who is a friend of the sea, He who is a friend of the sea
Ethiopia - Female - a name of a country., a name of a country.
Eana - Female - An expressive and good-natured women.
Eflead - Female - A good and majestic great leader
Eisla - Female - Devoted to God, name of a river, a fairy rock
Elane - Female - One who has a shining bright light
Elestren - Female - A trusted person, they are unique
Elfrida - Female - One who can threaten an Elf
Elisaveta - Female - One who is fully devoted to God
Elised - Female - One who is very close to God
Elizabe - Female - Satisfaction provider, a God
Ellesha - Female - A bountiful God, salvation
Ellicia - Female - Blissful God provides salvation
Elly - Female - The one who is born to spread light
Emelot - Female - this means a castle belonging to Arthur.
Emelyn - Female - this name means hard labour.
Enerstyne - Female - significant, consequential or serious.
Engeleisia - Female - kind like an angel.
Ephrath - Female - abundance or fruit bearing.
Ephtehia - Female - a feminized name meaning overly fruitful in nature.
Ermyne - Female - a French word meaning weasel or an Armenian mouse.
Erynne - Female - a feminized word used in poetry for referring to Ireland.
Evermore - Female - something which is everlasting or eternal.
Evinka - Female - A form of Eve, meaning alive or living.
Eydis - Female - A Goddess of good fortune
Elmeeria - Female - A beautiful aristrocratic lady
Ekambal - Male - Sky; Heaven; Lord of the Sky, Sky, Heaven, Lord of the Sky
Ekarya - Male - Sole Monarch; One Ruler; One Emperor; One King, Sole Monarch, One Ruler, One Emperor, One King
Ethinder - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Eadlac - Male - A happy and content person, A happy and content person
Eadweard - Male - Ed means 'Rich' and weard means 'Guardian'., Ed means 'Rich' and weard means 'Guardian'.
Eanwulf - Male - A happy and content person; genius, A happy and content person, genius
Eason - Male - In Irish the name eason means 'Protector'., In Irish the name eason means 'Protector'.
Ecgbehrt - Male - Has analytical mind and is bright and shiny, Has analytical mind and is bright and shiny
Eckhard - Male - Strong as sword and sharp as a sword's edge, Strong as sword and sharp as a sword's edge
Edlyn - Male - One who is like a rich waterfall, One who is like a rich waterfall
Edouard - Male - A happy rich protector, A happy rich protector
Egelbert - Male - A bright light of God, A bright light of God
Egidius - Male - A youthful and mature individual, A youthful and mature individual
Eginhardt - Male - One who has the power to get strong with a sword, One who has the power to get strong with a sword
Eion - Male - God is gracious and loves all beings, God is gracious and loves all beings
Elci - Male - One with imaginative and creative mind, One with imaginative and creative mind
Eldgrim - Male - The one who was killed by Hrut Hejolfsson., The one who was killed by Hrut Hejolfsson.
Eldrich - Male - The one who has intellect of a sage, The one who has intellect of a sage
Ellger - Male - One who is born to spread joy and peace, One who is born to spread joy and peace
Elpidio - Male - A refined and peace loving person, A refined and peace loving person
Emerson - Male - this name is often used for describing a strong and powerful leader who is extremely brave., this name is often used for describing a strong and powerful leader who is extremely brave.
Emidio - Male - this is a name in the honour of Saint Emegdius a patron against earthquake who lived during 3rd century and was a bishop., this is a name in the honour of Saint Emegdius a patron against earthquake who lived during 3rd century and was a bishop.
Emmerson - Male - one who is brave and powerful., one who is brave and powerful.
Emmot - Male - powerful and strong., powerful and strong.
Eorkonweald - Male - a group of horse mounted riders of Rohirrim., a group of horse mounted riders of Rohirrim.
Erkki - Male - Finnish word meaning ruler of all., Finnish word meaning ruler of all.
Ethelred - Male - noble counsel., noble counsel.
Etienne - Male - it means crown., it means crown.
Eusebio - Male - one who worships well., one who worships well.
Eusebius - Male - pious or worships well., pious or worships well.
Eustaquio - Male - a Spanish word meaning fruitful or productive., a Spanish word meaning fruitful or productive.
Everhard - Male - someone who is always hard and strong and sturdy., someone who is always hard and strong and sturdy.
Ewball - Male - An independent and confident individual, An independent and confident individual
Ewell - Male - A man who is from the water spring, A man who is from the water spring
Effy - Female - One who has beautiful words
Ecgtheow - Female - Peace; quiet; harmony; a heroic name, Peace, quiet, harmony, a heroic name
Embre - Female - someone who rules the hearts and homes of people., someone who rules the hearts and homes of people.
Espn - Female - an abbreviation for a popular American television sports channel., an abbreviation for a popular American television sports channel.
Eadburh - Female - A person who loves to help the less-fortunate.
Eanburg - Female - One who loves to share and care
Eddiz - Female - One who brings joy one who is rich and happy
Edee - Female - Strive for wealth, to get good profit after a deal or winning a war
Edeva - Female - An expensive gift
Edla - Female - A born Princess, they are efficient and joyous
Eeden - Female - One who can provide pleasure
Egbertine - Female - A pointed edge of sword, very sharp
Eilean - Female - One who is filled with  light, Hazelnut tree
Eilieue - Female - A happy go lucky, spontaneous person
Eilonwy - Female - A very beautiful princess
Elba - Female - Name of a place
Elettra - Female - A healer who really likes to cure people
Elfgifu - Female - A gift from the Elves
Elizabethe - Female - They are born mediators and active
Ellenmae - Female - A foreign element who are variant of Ellen meaning light
Elleny - Female - They are happy people, form of Helen which means bright
Ellesse - Female - One who is stable and loves family
Ellinor - Female - One who is filled with bright daylight
Elmira - Female - Noble and kind hearted person, a born princess
Elthia - Female - this means a healer.
Elwisia - Female - this name means healthy and sound.
Emogen - Female - this name has the meaning maiden.
Enim - Female - a word relating to deer.
Erna - Female - a feminized word meaning eagle.
Ernestine - Female - a German feminized word which describes someone who is vigorous, eager, serious and determined.
Eua - Female - to breathe.
Euphrosyne - Female - mirth or merriment in Greek.
Eravati - Female - daughter of the ocean.
Ekjit - Male - Victorious one
Eknaath - Male - Poet; Sage; Spiritual Leader; Name of a Saint from Maharashtra in India, Poet, Sage, Spiritual Leader, Name of a Saint from Maharashtra in India
Elgizouli - Male - One who is born to bring peace, One who is born to bring peace
Ensar - Male - it means helpers., it means helpers.
Elilvendan - Male - Handsome, King of beauty, Handsome, King of Beauty, Charming, Appealing, Attractive, Good Looking
Eadger - Male - One who is fortunate and powerful, One who is fortunate and powerful
Eadmund - Male - One who has riches and is a protector, One who has riches and is a protector
Eaduuard - Male - A majestic personality, A majestic personality
Eadwinn - Male - It means a 'Wealthy Friend'., It means a 'Wealthy Friend'.
Ealhhard - Male - A brave and kind individual, A brave and kind individual
Eambald - Male - A mature and bashful one, A mature and bashful one
Eanred - Male - One with a great spiritual insight, One with a great spiritual insight
Eastman - Male - Grace-protector; It also means nature lover., Grace-protector, It also means nature lover.
Easton - Male - It means 'From the East Town'., It means 'From the East Town'.
Ebb - Male - A person who has a desire to accomplish something; Stone of help, A person who has a desire to accomplish something, Stone of help
Ecgfrith - Male - A born leader; name of a king, A born leader, name of a king
Edmundo - Male - A loving and passionate man, A loving and passionate man
Eduuin - Male - Blessed friend; a prosperous person, Blessed friend, a prosperous person
Efraim - Male - Fruitful and lovely human being, Fruitful and lovely human being
Efrain - Male - A very much fertile land, A very much fertile land
Egfrith - Male - They are wonderful human beings, They are wonderful human beings
Eithin - Male - One who is imaginative and creative and enduring; long lived, One who is imaginative and creative and enduring, long lived
Eldur - Male - One who is from the Elder tree, One who is from the Elder tree
Elford - Male - One who came from the Alder tree, One who came from the Alder tree
Eliodoro - Male - They are the gift sent from Sun, They are the gift sent from Sun
Eliphalet - Male - God who delivers; they are filled with love, God who delivers, they are filled with love
Ellder - Male - Another form of Elder tree; has strength, Another form of Elder tree, has strength
Elof - Male - One who is always and everlasting; heir, One who is always and everlasting, heir
Eluard - Male - this means someone who is from a place located at a height and has grace., this means someone who is from a place located at a height and has grace.
Empa - Male - a leader of the people derived from the word emperor., a leader of the people derived from the word emperor.
Enzio - Male - a ruler at home., a ruler at home.
Eormengard - Male - a strong person from a nobleman's land., a strong person from a nobleman's land.
Ephram - Male - it is a Hebrew word for fruitful., it is a Hebrew word for fruitful.
Ercole - Male - it means gift., it means gift.
Erhardt - Male - brave, hardy, honour and respect., brave, hardy, honour and respect.
Erhart - Male - a German word meaning honour and respect., a German word meaning honour and respect.
Erman - Male - whole, immense or universal or army man., whole, immense or universal or army man.
Ethelbert - Male - name of a king meaning noble and bright., name of a king meaning noble and bright.
Ethelrede - Male - an archaic English word meaning noble counsel., an archaic English word meaning noble counsel.
Eutimio - Male - Good-spirited, one with a good spirit., Good-spirited, one with a good spirit.
Evraud - Male - He who has the strenght of a boar, He who has the strenght of a boar
Eylmer - Male - A noble person, A noble person
Effie - Female - Good reputation among others
Elu - Female - this name means someone who is full of grace., this name means someone who is full of grace.
Ems - Female - the whole universe., the whole universe.
Ene - Female - an eagle; in Frisian it is masculine but in Estonian it is feminine., an eagle, in Frisian it is masculine but in Estonian it is feminine.
Eanswyth - Female - A self maintained and happy individual
Edhida - Female - One who is joyful and happy
Efua - Female - They are born on friday
Egbertina - Female - A shinning sword which can kill
Einilda - Female - Battle, an idealistic and powerful natured person
Elbertina - Female - One who has a noble heart and mind
Eleonora - Female - Shining bright light coming from above
Elfeda - Female - They are very powerful and have strength
Elfilda - Female - A rigid, stable and hard working person
Elflet - Female - A lovable person, beautiful and full of passion
Eliisa - Female - Vow is a God, merciful and gracious
Ellia - Female - One who gives out Light
Elliana - Female - The almighty god has answered
Emmer - Female - someone who lived on a land where grain was grown.
Eormenhilde - Female - a German word meaning a person who is under a public oath.
Erlina - Female - a shield or noblewoman or an elfin.
Errika - Female - one who rules eternally.
Estralita - Female - a Spanish word meaning little star.
Eudora - Female - good gift.
Eylal - Female - The month September
Ekanjot - Male - One light of God
Ecchit - Male - Wanted; Desired; Wished; Craved; Longed; Aspired; Yearned, Wanted, Desired, Wished, Craved, Longed, Aspired, Yearned
Edhem - Male - Dark-skinned, black, Dark-skinned, black
Ekabandhu - Male - One Friend; One companion, One Friend, One companion
Ekaraya - Male - Sole Monarch; One Ruler; One Emperor; One King, Sole Monarch, One Ruler, One Emperor, One King
Ellam - Male - All; Everything; The Entire Universe; All inclusive; Whole, All, Everything, The Entire Universe, All inclusive, Whole
Eswarapu - Male - God; Supreme Being; One of many names of Lord Shiva, God, Supreme Being, One of many names of Lord Shiva
Ekapat - Male - One who is with a single garment, One who is with a single garment
Eadnoth - Male - An ethical and analytical person, An ethical and analytical person
Eadwig - Male - It means a rich or prosperous person., It means a rich or prosperous person.
Ealdbeorht - Male - The one who is in love with nature, The one who is in love with nature
Eansige - Male - A self assured, naive and well spoken person, A self assured, naive and well spoken person
Earle - Male - It means chief or nobleman., It means chief or nobleman.
Edelhard - Male - Hardy; a noble and strong being, Hardy, a noble and strong being
Ediline - Male - The one who is kind and pleasant, The one who is kind and pleasant
Edsel - Male - Noble and bright natured person, Noble and bright natured person
Edzard - Male - Strong egde, Strong egde
Eferhard - Male - Brave and efficient warrior; they have power, Brave and efficient warrior, they have power
Egwine - Male - A very good friend who is kind and noble, A very good friend who is kind and noble
Ehud - Male - abode of ridge, abode of ridge
Eilmund - Male - A light hearted, generous human being, A light hearted, generous human being
Eldous - Male - A German Aldo; from an old house, A German Aldo, from an old house
Eldrid - Male - The one who is a wise ruler, The one who is a wise ruler
Elieser - Male - One asking God for help, One asking God for help
Elldrich - Male - An aged and wise ruler; Sage, An aged and wise ruler, Sage
Eller - Male - A cheerful person who lives near an Alder tree, A cheerful person who lives near an Alder tree
Elvern - Male - this name means a wise elf friend., this name means a wise elf friend.
Emanual - Male - this name means lord almighty be with us., this name means lord almighty be with us.
Emyr - Male - a worthy ruler., a worthy ruler.
Enniaun - Male - the family name of a great writer during ancient Roman civilization., the family name of a great writer during ancient Roman civilization.
Eormengild - Male - it means public pledge., it means public pledge.
Epinegris - Male - a character from Greek mythology., a character from Greek mythology.
Erhard - Male - honour and respect., honour and respect.
Erix - Male - island ruler or eternal ruler., island ruler or eternal ruler.
Esco - Male - a person who is in deep love with the nature., a person who is in deep love with the nature.
Estanislao - Male - strength or firmness or glory or fame., strength or firmness or glory or fame.
Etwald - Male - a German word meaning star., a German word meaning star.
Everard - Male - wild boar or brave hardy., wild boar or brave hardy.
Everten - Male - a German word for a wild boar or someone as strong as a bear., a German word for a wild boar or someone as strong as a bear.
Eweheorde - Male - Someone who keeps the sheep together in a flock., Someone who keeps the sheep together in a flock.
Ecca - Female - Only one; Born to help others, Only one, Born to help others
Eded - Female - One who is full of joy and is a delight, One who is full of joy and is a delight
Ealdburga - Female - One who has a heart of gold
Eanswida - Female - One who is very rigid and determined
Echo - Female - A deep voice, sound, mythological nymph
Edyna - Female - One who came from edinburgh
Effe - Female - Well spoken, one who tells the truth
Eider - Female - Beautiful and pretty haired lady
Eiichi - Female - A notable and powerful ruler who is bright
Eiji - Female - Cheerful and one second, eternity
Eirwen - Female - One who is snow white and is blessed
Eleftheria - Female - A free and independent being
Ellenor - Female - A bright, shining light, They are God of the light
Elli - Female - A kind and devoted individual
Elliw - Female - Name of a color, over sensitive nature
Emalei - Female - this name means one who is industrious or hard working.
Eraman - Female - someone honourable.
Erelah - Female - a Hebrew word meaning angel.
Ermyntrude - Female - a German word meaning universal strength.
Erryl - Female - a feminized word which has the meaning of an army commander.
Esma - Female - emerald.
Euodia - Female - sweet fragnance.
Eymi - Female - A woman who is loved
Ezme - Female - She who is loved
Eilqar - Male - Promise
Eleutherius - Female - The shining Sun, they are the ones who share light
Ellmeera - Female - One who is like an aristrocratic lady
Elmeera - Female - A noble Princess
Ekak - Male - The single one and only one time, The single one and only one time
Eshwarchandra - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva signifying his form adorned with moon; God Adorned by Moon, One of many names of Lord Shiva signifying his form adorned with moon, God Adorned by Moon
Eanhere - Male - A forgiving, alluring and passionate person, A forgiving, alluring and passionate person
Earcanwald - Male - One who has a mystic personality, One who has a mystic personality
Earcna - Male - It means friend of sea., It means friend of sea.
Earpwald - Male - A well bred, philosophical person, A well bred, philosophical person
Eberhart - Male - Eberhart means brave or strong in German., Eberhart means brave or strong in German.
Ecgred - Male - Alert; one who is thoughtful, Alert, one who is thoughtful
Eddison - Male - A succesor of wealth; Ed's son, A succesor of wealth, Ed's son
Edmonn - Male - Of High status in society, Of High status in society
Edred - Male - A wealthy ruler, A wealthy ruler
Efim - Male - One who is well famed, One who is well famed
Efron - Male - Young stag, Young stag
Egbert - Male - Sharp edge of sword, Sharp edge of sword
Eilwen - Male - Old friend with a white brow, Old friend with a white brow
Einbresel - Male - One who works for greater good, One who works for greater good
Ekerd - Male - A sacred individual; God loving, A sacred individual, God loving
Elchanan - Male - Almighty is good, Almighty is good
Ellston - Male - The one who belongs to the farm, The one who belongs to the farm
Elphaba - Male - A literary name, A literary name
Elric - Male - A wise and kind ruler; a King, A wise and kind ruler, a King
Elrod - Male - The one who is born ruler; God, The one who is born ruler, God
Elwald - Male - this name means an old man who is from Wales., this name means an old man who is from Wales.
Elwold - Male - this name means an old forest tree., this name means an old forest tree.
Emenjart - Male - this means someone who has great strength., this means someone who has great strength.
Eneas - Male - it means praise., it means praise.
Enrico - Male - one who rules the home., one who rules the home.
Eorl - Male - a nobleman or chief of a tribe., a nobleman or chief of a tribe.
Eorlland - Male - a land belonging to noblemen., a land belonging to noblemen.
Ephron - Male - overly fruitful in nature., overly fruitful in nature.
Epimetheus - Male - hindsight or after thinker., hindsight or after thinker.
Erlend - Male - a stranger., a stranger.
Esdras - Male - it means to help., it means to help.
Esmund - Male - someone who is protected by god., someone who is protected by god.
Evert - Male - describes someone who is as strong as a wild boar, describes someone who is as strong as a wild boar
Eabbe - Female - Its derived from the hebrew word abbe which means "Father of extreme happiness", Its derived from the hebrew word abbe which means "Father of extreme happiness"
Eega - Female - palm bird who loves to fly, palm bird who loves to fly
Eilish - Female - Convenat with God; a pledge, Convenat with God, a pledge
Epic - Female - a long story or novel., a long story or novel.
Esadowa - Female - it means wolves., it means wolves.
Evil - Female - One who is not a good person, an evil one, One who is not a good person, an evil one
Eadgyth - Female - Wife of a wise counsellor
Eadhild - Female - Maid of a rich battle
Eathellreda - Female - It means noble maiden.
Edmonia - Female - A wealthy person who is like a queen
Edye - Female - One who is attractive and well mannered
Eilir - Female - Butterfly, one who is spontaneous and alluring
Ekisa - Female - One who is consecrated to God
Eldit - Female - A wealthy and sweet natured person
Elfriede - Female - One who has the strength of an Elf
Elisavet - Female - A devoted individual, loves humanity
Ellissa - Female - One who provides satisfaction and comfort
Ermioni - Female - the one who carries the beauty of Ermis.
Ernie - Female - a feminized Irish name which means earnestly serious and determined.
Erynn - Female - a word which is used in poetry for referring to Ireland.
Esmee - Female - a feminized word meaning esteem.
Esteri - Female - a Finnish word which means star.
Ethyl - Female - a feminized old English word meaning noble.
Etna - Female - the name of a 5th century Irish saint.
Eun Jung - Female - Grace and affection
Euphrasie - Female - French word meaning good cheer.
Evike - Female - She gave life to everything
Eghainathan - Male - God; Supreme Being; The Almighty, God, Supreme Being, The Almighty
Elamin - Male - One who is very trustworthy, One who is very trustworthy
Ekadeha - Male - One who is with a body, One who is with a body
Eanfrith - Male - A nonjudgemental and frank person, A nonjudgemental and frank person
Ecgbert - Male - A sharp edge of a sword, A sharp edge of a sword
Eder - Male - A flock; group, A flock, group
Edo - Male - Guardian of wealth and health, Guardian of wealth and health
Edoardo - Male - Rich guardian; they are responsible and efficient, Rich guardian, they are responsible and efficient
Ekhard - Male - A man who is lovely and passionate, A man who is lovely and passionate
Elbridge - Male - An old bridge; strong and powerful, An old bridge, strong and powerful
Ennio - Male - the Italian form of the word Ennius; a famous poet during Roman civilization., the Italian form of the word Ennius, a famous poet during Roman civilization.
Erchebald - Male - a German word which means something which is sacred and pious in essence and form., a German word which means something which is sacred and pious in essence and form.
Erno - Male - a Finnish word meaning serious and determined., a Finnish word meaning serious and determined.
Erwyna - Male - a feminized word which has the meaning of a beautiful friend or fresh and green water., a feminized word which has the meaning of a beautiful friend or fresh and green water.
Esmond - Male - protected by god., protected by god.
Eustache - Male - fertile., fertile.
Exene - Male - A self sufficient, responsible and reasonable being, A self sufficient, responsible and reasonable being
Eleuia - Female - Wish, one who wishes good for everyone., Wish, one who wishes good for everyone.
Elian - Female - A passionate and loving human being, A passionate and loving human being
Eanfrid - Female - A frank, lonesome and experienced being
Editta - Female - A rich gift, a very efficient present
Edwiena - Female - Rich in friendship, onw who cares a lot
Eih - Female - Uncountable, an oak tree who loves free detailed
Eileua - Female - One who is talented and understanding
Eimear - Female - One who is blessed with six gifts of womanhood
Eirwyn - Female - The one who is white as snow
Elizabeth - Female - One who provides satisfaction and fullness
Ellisif - Female - Consecrated to god.
Elvire - Female - this name means someone who is white or fair.
Emestine - Female - this means someone who is serious or directed.
Engis - Female - an enigma.
Ermelinde - Female - a word which means something which is soft and tender and also whole or universal.
Ermenjart - Female - a warrior who was extremely powerful.
Errin - Female - it means Ireland in poetic form or peace.
Esfir - Female - an ancient goddess.
Eton - Female - an old river town.
Ecchvaku - Male - A King; Ruler; Emperor; Leader, A King, Ruler, Emperor, Leader
Emenike - Male - It's not by might or power., It's not by might or power.
Ender - Male - in Turkish language it means scarce., in Turkish language it means scarce.
Eadfrith - Male - They are generous human beings, They are generous human beings
Eadmaer - Male - The one who comes from riches and greatness, The one who comes from riches and greatness
Eadwardsone - Male - A person with the desire to serve humanity., A person with the desire to serve humanity.
Eadwold - Male - An independent and  a very tolerant person., An independent and  a very tolerant person.
Earconbehrt - Male - A loving and caring individual, A loving and caring individual
Ebersold - Male - Swiss variant of Ebersol, meaning wild boar or wallow., Swiss variant of Ebersol, meaning wild boar or wallow.
Ebulus - Male - member of a good counsel, member of a good counsel
Edit - Male - Joyous; wealthy gift from a ruler, Joyous, wealthy gift from a ruler
Edwald - Male - Wealth and fortune; the one who is fortunate, Wealth and fortune, the one who is fortunate
Eledon - Male - One who climbs the Leader's hill, One who climbs the Leader's hill
Ellerey - Male - A charming and cheerful person; an Alder tree, A charming and cheerful person, an Alder tree
Ellson - Male - A person who is fully dedicated, A person who is fully dedicated
Ellswerth - Male - Closure; a habitational name, Closure, a habitational name
Ellwood - Male - The one who belongs to the old forest, The one who belongs to the old forest
Elstan - Male - this means elf stone, this means elf stone
Elsworth - Male - this means someone who is from the estate of the noble., this means someone who is from the estate of the noble.
Emile - Male - it means excellence., it means excellence.
Emms - Male - it means someone who is a son of the universe., it means someone who is a son of the universe.
Enapay - Male - brave and powerful., brave and powerful.
Eormenread - Male - somebody who has undertaken a public oath., somebody who has undertaken a public oath.
Erchanbold - Male - sacred or bold., sacred or bold.
Espiridion - Male - little spirit., little spirit.
Ethelwin - Male - an Anglo-Saxon name meaning a noble friend., an Anglo-Saxon name meaning a noble friend.
Eustachio - Male - a very famous saint., a very famous saint.
Erskine - Female - a Scottish surname., a Scottish surname.
Ealasaid - Female - One who is devoted to God and humanity
Ealhswith - Female - One who is lucky and fertile
Eanflaed - Female - A compassionate and passionate being
Ebunoluwa - Female - The God's gift
Eddusa - Female - One who has strong spirit and is idealistic
Efrosini - Female - A fawn, bird like creature
Eilley - Female - Shinning, bright light
Elani - Female - Light coming inside the soul
Elizabegh - Female - God who protection and satisfaction
Ellysia - Female - A reason, one who is from heaven
Elnora - Female - One who is born to spread light
Elonso - Female - An individual who is like Oak tree, bright one
Emblem - Female - it means labour or someone who is hardworking.
Engla - Female - Swedish feminine form of the word angel.
Ermenilda - Female - a powerful warrior.
Estell - Female - it is a French word which means bright sparkling stars.
Estera - Female - a Polish word for star.
Estrild - Female - it means battle.
Euridice - Female - wide justice.
Evanee - Female - young fighter.
Erudheri - Male - One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil, One of many names of Lord Shiva in Tamil
Evrard - Male - A man who is strong as a boar, A man who is strong as a boar
Ealdwode - Male - They are the one who have power and health, They are the one who have power and health
Earconbert - Male - One who has many qualities and personal insight, One who has many qualities and personal insight
Eburhard - Male - One who is strong as a wild boar, One who is strong as a wild boar
Eckbert - Male - A bright sword; shiny metal or weapon, A bright sword, shiny metal or weapon
Edgyue - Male - One who is propsperous in war, One who is propsperous in war
Edilfred - Male - A noble and propsperous ruler, A noble and propsperous ruler
Edyope - Male - Deliberate, young and polite being, Deliberate, young and polite being
Efthimios - Male - One who has a good mood, One who has a good mood
Eldwin - Male - One who is a wise ruler and advisor, One who is a wise ruler and advisor
Ellton - Male - One who is a brave God's fighter, One who is a brave God's fighter
Elman - Male - Elm; a compassionate and loving person, Elm, a compassionate and loving person
Elsdon - Male - this means one who is from a noble hill like Elli's Valley., this means one who is from a noble hill like Elli's Valley.
Emberto - Male - someone who is a bright warrior., someone who is a bright warrior.
Endymion - Male - to dive into or to enter., to dive into or to enter.
Erisman - Male - An honorable man., An honorable man.
Ernwyd - Male - a fictional character who is a Hobbit., a fictional character who is a Hobbit.
Ervins - Male - green fresh water or beautiful friend., green fresh water or beautiful friend.
Espaaa - Male - a bear which belonged to god., a bear which belonged to god.
Eubule - Male - a Greek word meaning good counsel., a Greek word meaning good counsel.
Evolengi - Male - A long-lived man, A long-lived man
Evolengus - Male - To have a long life, To have a long life
Etalpalli - Female - Nahuatl word for wing., Nahuatl word for wing.
Edweena - Female - Rich in friendship, one who has aged like wine
Eirny - Female - One who is born of new healing and is fresh
Eiry - Female - Fair person who is bright as snow
Eldora - Female - The name given to many saints
Elea - Female - The bright and shining one
Elenor - Female - A bright individual, they are special
Elethea - Female - One who is joyous and happy person
Elke - Female - A noble and kind hearted individual
Ellois - Female - One who is famous in war
Elpida - Female - One who is filled with hope
Emmelyn - Female - the entire universe in symbolized by this name.
Epiphany - Female - revelation or manifestation of a divine being.
Ercongota - Female - a famous nun from ancient times.
Esta - Female - someone from the east.
Everine - Female - an English surname but sometimes also used as a name.
Elisaichelvan - Male - One who likes music; master of music, One who likes music, master of music
Eadbert - Male - Name of a King, Name of a King
Ednyfed - Male - Name of a warrior, Name of a warrior
Egbryht - Male - Entertaining and warm hearted being, Entertaining and warm hearted being
Egelwin - Male - A warm hearted and impulsive person, A warm hearted and impulsive person
Egferth - Male - An excitable, homey and respectful beings, An excitable, homey and respectful beings
Eldrege - Male - They are powerful rulers, They are powerful rulers
Eldric - Male - An old and wise ruler, An old and wise ruler
Elgued - Male - An energetic and educated individual, An energetic and educated individual
Elkin - Male - One who is created by God, One who is created by God
Ellington - Male - One who belongs to the Ella's town, One who belongs to the Ella's town
Ellmer - Male - One who has a noble heart and soul, One who has a noble heart and soul
Emanuele - Male - this name is used to describe that god is with us., this name is used to describe that god is with us.
Emet - Male - this means whole or universal truth., this means whole or universal truth.
Erkerd - Male - sacred or pios or sacrosanct., sacred or pios or sacrosanct.
Erling - Male - heir of clanchief., heir of clanchief.
Ermanno - Male - it means a mighty defender., it means a mighty defender.
Ekene - Female - The one who recieves a lot of praise, The one who recieves a lot of praise
Eniola - Female - a wealthy person., a wealthy person.
Eridian - Female - someone belonging to the planet Eris., someone belonging to the planet Eris.
Escher - Female - a German name for someone who lived near an ash tree or grove., a German name for someone who lived near an ash tree or grove.
Ethmer - Female - a teutonic word meaning noble or friend., a teutonic word meaning noble or friend.
Ebotte - Female - A clever,practical and inventive sort of person.
Edwardina - Female - Guardian of riches, one who has great desire
Eilidh - Female - One who emits light
Electa - Female - A selected and unique person
Eliska - Female - One who is fully devoted to God
Ellema - Female - An efficient person who milks the Cow
Ellory - Female - One who is filled with joy and hapiness
Ellot - Female - One who is blessed with charming nature
Elvenia - Female - the meaning of this name is elf or magical being or friend.
Emmajean - Female - someone with great strength.
Eormenhild - Female - a feminized word meaning someone who has taken a public oath.
Ersilia - Female - a character in Roman mythology.
Etenia - Female - the wealthy.
Ethne - Female - a Gaelic word for fire.
Evaline - Female - it is a name which denotes life.
Evelien - Female - a Latin word which has the meaning life.
Evonne - Female - English version of Ivo, meaning yew
Evora - Female - She who lives near yew trees
Essam - Male - Arabic - Safeguard; A variant spelling is Esaam; Connection; Bond; Promise, Arabic - Safeguard, A variant spelling is Esaam, Connection, Bond, Promise
Ezequias - Male - One who finds strenght in Yahweh, One who finds strenght in Yahweh
Ecgwald - Male - Brought up by nature or in the environment of forest; ruler of law, Brought up by nature or in the environment of forest, ruler of law
Ekbert - Male - One who has a bright edge, One who has a bright edge
Eldrian - Male - A wise counselor of the battle, A wise counselor of the battle
Elwell - Male - this name means someone from old spring., this name means someone from old spring.
Erikson - Male - son or Erik; ruler of the people., son or Erik, ruler of the people.
Edlen - Female - One who is like a high waterfall, One who is like a high waterfall
Eeli - Female - To ascend; uplifted soul and spirit, To ascend, uplifted soul and spirit
Elice - Female - One who is very close to the Lord, One who is very close to the Lord
Exton - Female - A place name, one who comes from the town Exton, A place name, one who comes from the town Exton
Eidel - Female - Gentle one, noble and kind person
Elitia - Female - One who is chosen by the God
Ellyse - Female - The individual who likes harmony
Elspet - Female - this means someone who has been chosen by god or someone who is devoted to god.
Emmi - Female - a friendly and soft person.
Erneburga - Female - a historical figure in Yorkshire.
Erzsebet - Female - someone who is devoted to god.
Etty - Female - a Persian name meaning star.
Eun-Kyung - Female - Grace and affection
Everly - Female - a word which describes a strong and sturdy person like a boar.
Encarna - Male - this name means someone who is blessed or kind., this name means someone who is blessed or kind.
Edi - Male - A herb, Healer
Eadsige - Male - Analytical, smart and intellectual being, Analytical, smart and intellectual being
Elemer - Male - A honourable and dignified individual, A honourable and dignified individual
Elwood - Male - this nam means an elder forest tree., this nam means an elder forest tree.
Erchambaut - Male - a British word meaning loved by all., a British word meaning loved by all.
Ehren - Female - A honourable and kind hearted individual, A honourable and kind hearted individual
Ermengild - Female - immense treasure., immense treasure.
Ermenhilda - Female - a word meaning huge treasure., a word meaning huge treasure.
Eadoin - Female - A modern form of name, they are majestic
Elizaveta - Female - A devoted individual, they are everywhere
Estella - Female - a Spanish feminized word meaning stars.
Epinegrus - Male - a famous character from Greek mythology who was believed to have supernatural powers., a famous character from Greek mythology who was believed to have supernatural powers.
Evening - Female - the dusk or time of the day when the sun sets., the dusk or time of the day when the sun sets.
Edyta - Female - A rich present, one which is efficient
Egidia - Female - Goat skin, also means a cute kid
Enye - Female - it means grace.
Erimentha - Female - collector of thoughts or determined protector
Eydie - Female - To strife for wealth
Errol - Male - army commander., army commander.
Eadberth - Female - It means a blessed person., It means a blessed person.
Ebany - Female - It means dark coloured wood ., It means dark coloured wood .
Embry - Female - this name means someone who is good at winning people's hearts and as a result enters their hearts and homes., this name means someone who is good at winning people's hearts and as a result enters their hearts and homes.
Engeled - Female - a description of the word angelic or a possible old English refrence to England., a description of the word angelic or a possible old English refrence to England.
Esclamor - Female - an Arthurian word used in literature for someone who is attracted towards nature., an Arthurian word used in literature for someone who is attracted towards nature.
Eddiva - Female - powerful divine person
Edeline - Female - An honorable person, ornament
Evian - Female - A French word for a Spa
El-Amin - Male - Trustworthy
Edelmar - Female - One who is famous for noble personality, One who is famous for noble personality
Ellery - Female - One who came from Demeter; an Earth Lover, One who came from Demeter, an Earth Lover
Em?ke - Female - this name means someone who is hardworking.
Eviaka - Female - A form of Eve, meaning alive or living.
